Prediction is: driderd than erly don somast brilan die a bloin clear banse of color thrgtisky hat sol and swep and met to break an fon lye aranbly vhis upon a bovte s don | actual is: brighter than early dawn is most brilliant dye are blown clear bands of color through the sky that swirl and sweep and meet to break and foam like rainbow veils upon a bubble is dome.
Prediction is: an as sone set growing of crunson and gond she lies the gory of the rod ibeached kies gally who sils ere fold he was honm ws tepistres whirch and od | actual is: in a sunset glowing of crimson and gold she lies the glory of the world a beached king is galley whose sails are furled who is hung with tapestries rich and old.
Prediction is: os densers ar sumple find at ther yarni bleaged bartime | actual is: old dances are simplified of their yearning bleached by time.
Prediction is: dhe pity that wemusst come and go | actual is: the pity that we must come and go.
Prediction is: wile the old god an the marbles das foreever glining is softsthrong base cal ine erly evin glrow | actual is: while the old gold and the marble stays forever gleaming its soft strong blaze calm in the early evening glow.
Prediction is: ho ne sels that seemed to wonder injren dot monows say as the sorwhere  stand the ownly filed of strugle or are ye hit and batter dat ther by laves and won gus as e tack over acluessiong see of waterhe etos | actual is: ho ye sails that seem to wander in dream filled meadows say is the shore where i stand the only field of struggle or are ye hit and battered out there by waves and wind gusts as ye tack over a clashing sea of watery echoes.
Prediction is: he had got ianto her cortiard | actual is: he had got into her courtyard.
Prediction is: oveithe trac lined scidi stret the young men the greaning man has | actual is: over the track lined city street the young men the grinning men pass.
Prediction is: thrdthe blak  night ran he saned to her windor bars | actual is: through the black night rain he sang to her window bars.
Prediction is: he had broken into her certand | actual is: he had broken into her courtyard.
Prediction is: she was a long nhat nit | actual is: she was alone that night.
Prediction is: the plesened grer yarde of my so with sentimoal sibrirs treees and flowrs tis fild that in my stro an midietation at my as | actual is: the pleasant graveyard of my soul with sentimental cypress trees and flowers is filled that i may stroll in meditation at my ease.
Prediction is: it is my hart hom in the sky and no clouds ever flot between a gra flowers and my heart on hig | actual is: it is my heart hung in the sky and no clouds ever float between the grave flowers and my heart on high.
Prediction is: that was but lesly of trping plance in the dac | actual is: that was but rustling of dripping plants in the dark.
Prediction is: dided by you howlwe might tro towardstiat or on nusake on another sbreath toh gardins intimet with holwy hoks wi silent popys burn between the roks by pols where burches ben to comfidelentce a bhof gren waters scumed with a lilyn pins | actual is: guided by you how we might stroll towards death our only music one another is breath through gardens intimate with hollyhocks where silent poppies burn between the rocks by pools where birches bend to confidants above green waters scummed with lily plants.
Prediction is: venes | actual is: venice.
Prediction is: i wat o my noocoae agoher myself sa cemno i have hade cin stboc sidrsie dhis mornan and amo anny fo retfs | actual is: i would not mind a cup o coffee myself said capn bill i have had considble exercise this mornin and i am all ready for breakfas.
Prediction is: suppos its of frin | actual is: suppose it is a friend.
Prediction is: bu cato borl made no such a tenp t nowing it would be useless | actual is: but capn bill made no such attempt knowing it would be useless.
Prediction is: at lance the got gave e lep escaefrin the souders and wa bowd head reset o on the boaoo | actual is: at once the goat gave a leap escaped from the soldiers and with bowed head rushed upon the boolooroo.
Prediction is: the cotin shook his haid | actual is: the captain shook his head.
Prediction is: old him baset momin and i soon asi had my cofpy in atma i tokin to he room of the grit nive and pachin | actual is: hold him fast my men and as soon as i have had my coffee and oatmeal i will take him to the room of the great knife and patch him.
Prediction is: marning gho so epi is wen laysy look | actual is: mornin girls hope ye feel as well as ye look.
Prediction is: why is sipked of tista thorcenmatinfrertuy met and tut was thisper nort replie acaptain penting hard as he held fast toin the gats orns | actual is: why you said to fetch the first living creature we met and that was this billygoat replied the captain panting hard as he held fast to one of the goat is horns.
Prediction is: then he resdonstars into the cort er shoting loldlyfor his soulders and ghrethtning to pach everybany nis demaions of the salamae as notrecatthrd | actual is: then he rushed down stairs into the courtyard shouting loudly for his soldiers and threatening to patch everybody in his dominions if the sailorman was not recaptured.
Prediction is: therefore her my gestenpade no attentin to wany mone an no onpade any attentin to her | actual is: therefore her majesty paid no attention to anyone and no one paid any attention to her.
Prediction is: coming at the moabi she sai going to of the bences | actual is: come and get the boolooroo she said going toward the benches.
Prediction is: and one blace ait the hadof a roon was a raised clatforn for the roal family with elagaent bhrown jers for the kang anqlan a sixs moler bhat reiachly apphostered chars forthes no knoie branceses | actual is: in one place at the head of the room was a raised platform for the royal family with elegant throne chairs for the king and queen and six smaller but richly upholstered chairs for the snubnosed princesses.
Prediction is: id bu on sheher muc h being vonsa dit but whan lo soing to have jutslong bed shuver to relly no felins | actual is: i could not shiver much bein bound so tight but when i am loose i mean to have jus one good shiver to relieve my feelin is.
Prediction is: before anycod stop him he butded his majisty sa furiously bhat the kamsorsfar in to the eir and tombled an a hap e mong the bences where he liy monin and gronging | actual is: before any could stop him he butted his majesty so furiously that the king soared far into the air and tumbled in a heap among the benches where he lay moaning and groaning.
Prediction is: they oaok something a lie yu kno suggested the captan of the gards looking from one to the other dobtfly and the merly the same sase o istan abo on as hon lags tay both gought the same stie of whiskes an the bot tor them obston andongrers sovilt to mik ci go practs landed | actual is: they look something alike you know suggested the captain of the guards looking from one to the other doubtfully and they are nearly the same size if you stand the goat on his hind legs they have both got the same style of whiskers and they are both of em obstinate and dangerous so they ought to make a good patch splendid.
Prediction is: the ider a paching cam bi to a got was vasly amesing to him and a morene thought of i the more he roard with laughther | actual is: the idea of patching capn bill to a goat was vastly amusing to him and the more he thought of it the more he roared with laughter.
Prediction is: rich jols of blestons glitered upon may persings and tha rowaladys were foyas cordges as the wor haty an o tevarin | actual is: rich jewels of blue stones glittered upon their persons and the royal ladies were fully as gorgeous as they were haughty and overbearing.
Prediction is: countral yourselves my dears replied the be lo the weres cunishment i know hodoent le done aman this presonens of buc to sufer youwal se a very preittyt patching my roga daugters | actual is: control yourselves my dears replied the boolooroo the worst punishment i know how to inflict on anyone this prisoner is about to suffer you will see a very pretty patching my royal daughters.
Prediction is: a in as they entered the roome of the breayt nive the buerr gi a yel of disippoiintment | actual is: as soon as they entered the room of the great knife the boolooroo gave a yell of disappointment.
Prediction is: iand anosi it was youmay des seeme my from thenie | actual is: i had a notion it was you mate as saved me from the knife.
Prediction is: the ron of the great nive was high and did and around it ran rose of bences for the spect tatters the citipine | actual is: the room of the great knife was high and big and around it ran rows of benches for the spectators to sit upon.
Prediction is: when niss had ben acomples the bulerolained over to tridya ti scover wie the fran ol aay siningly of it s ol ecor and he was the more posal repasit n  never don such thing before | actual is: when this had been accomplished the boolooroo leaned over to try to discover why the frame rolled away seemingly of its own accord and he was the more puzzled because it had never done such a thing before.
Prediction is: then ty stot in greyt hased for the door n the go gave fin al bfes ond the ro of ooral lities all didyn into the coriter and another tanble where upon they shreeked in a manner that terified every worme of insoundofbe voices | actual is: then they sped in great haste for the door and the goat gave a final butt that sent the row of royal ladies all diving into the corridor in another tangle whereupon they shrieked in a manner that terrified everyone within sound of their voices.
Prediction is: sine oras | actual is: fine glorious.
Prediction is: he goats wor alihte sperit was ralsd bo the succes ful latamp | actual is: the goat is warlike spirit was roused by this successful attack.
Prediction is: sence las thertay i gip tissiso have been aloful buro of e ble country but nowtit you a comper my qlan ou chot i sipls i am comker ty and you have no be therewlit all | actual is: since last thursday i ghip ghisizzle have been the lawful boolooroo of the blue country but now that you are conquered by queen trot i suppose i am conquered too and you have no boolooroo at all.
Prediction is: thou will be soch a set isfaction | actual is: it will be such a satisfaction.
Prediction is: when first they intered the dhron roolay trie to bhe is hady and scormful as ever but the bluse wer asemble there all lafhtd at them endeared them for there was not a single person in altibly countr he love the princes is the leastd little bit | actual is: when first they entered the throne room they tried to be as haughty and scornful as ever but the blues who were assembled there all laughed at them and jeered them for there was not a single person in all the blue country who loved the princesses the least little bit.
Prediction is: so di dicisal odere the counten to taklafil of solders and es wot the raving peaties to ther ne home | actual is: so ghip ghisizzle ordered the captain to take a file of soldiers and escort the raving beauties to their new home.
Prediction is: hon hoef luscann sobgecciscis olr ba race adnother gretsho for he was the favort of the soulders and very popular with all the people | actual is: when the blueskins saw ghip ghisizzle they raised another great shout for he was the favorite of the soldiers and very popular with all the people.
Prediction is: the formmeabularu ground | actual is: the former boolooroo groaned.
Prediction is: so they werequit wiling to o bay the oders of their golquen and in ashort time the blas of crunmperds and ro of drons and classhing of sevials told tra and catn bill t at the blo bans and a sible before the palles | actual is: so they were quite willing to obey the orders of their girl queen and in a short time the blasts of trumpets and roll of drums and clashing of cymbals told trot and capn bill that the blue bands had assembled before the palace.
Prediction is: at the head of the pinkiens were gio ecis and bhe am bryt who had the per on his shoulder and they were supporterd by captand corly and cat in tantant and rosilly the wich | actual is: at the head of the pinkies were ghip ghisizzle and button bright who had the parrot on his shoulder and they were supported by captain coralie and captain tintint and rosalie the witch.
Prediction is:  o be wicet any mor sid the al boy ho reform | actual is: i will not be wicked any more sighed the old boolooroo i will reform.
Prediction is: when he fins she said curtfly | actual is: when he finished she said cheerfully.
Prediction is: i l widly de that promistan te beooo and o the bhe onrable go d aln he shavings and letter anten ganso geet besies the grass | actual is: i will gladly do that promised the new boolooroo and i will feed the honorable goat all the shavings and leather and tin cans he can eat besides the grass.
Prediction is: so o siysider it al com lit e seeon | actual is: do not worry sizzle dear it will all come right pretty soon.
Prediction is: youare mait replied the salor | actual is: you are mate replied the sailor.
Prediction is: then she gave rosly back hor monto gran thanking the pind which for all she had donfobom | actual is: then she gave rosalie back her magic ring thanking the kind witch for all she had done for them.
Prediction is: xcuse ny said cha an nhgret tocelliy that youa not the buloreany mor | actual is: scuse me said trot i neglected to tell you that you are not the boolooroo any more.
Prediction is: the comebynd bans of bot the countrys plae the mesake an afind suer was sirved | actual is: the combined bands of both the countries played the music and a fine supper was served.
Prediction is: then they all mar sata littleway into the filds and foundthat the ormy of pankis had arly be formd and was avanting stedly t word them | actual is: then they all marched out a little way into the fields and found that the army of pinkies had already formed and was advancing steadily toward them.
Prediction is: that eveing trat ahtha grand ball ind the pallas to hich the most inpornent of the penkties in the looskans were invided | actual is: that evening trot gave a grand ball in the palace to which the most important of the pinkies and the blueskins were invited.
Prediction is: the dids hat aterible struble with the goe which was lese in he ron and still wat e t fiht but finolly thay soid due the animal and theennated the buler out of a frangiis tie in and brught both him and thego before queen tro who rated themen thrownroom of he pallase | actual is: the guards had a terrible struggle with the goat which was loose in the room and still wanted to fight but finally they subdued the animal and then they took the boolooroo out of the frame he was tied in and brought both him and the goat before queen trot who awaited them in the throne room of the palace.
Prediction is: as apri at citicen i shall bhe a moltle of deportenment be gous it oud be dangeres to be other wis | actual is: as a private citizen i shall be a model of deportment because it would be dangerous to be otherwise.
Prediction is: now then lets intinicity an njiyet a great fesed its being cot umearystime myself fbut hi s cogrin king thoms is hard wark | actual is: now then let us enter the city an enjoy the grand feast that is being cooked i am nearly starved myself for this conquerin kingdoms is hard work.
Prediction is: no think you wi jist litke at the welb sond laetemesigivb out them with tas shepred | actual is: no thank you i will just look at the whelps and leave a message about them with your shepherd.
Prediction is: it is very fin old place of red brick sotend by a pal powtery like in which has di spersed it se with happy i rigularity so s to bring the red brik in turms of frienly conpanion ship with the line stone ornemens surounding the three gables the windows and te door place | actual is: it is a very fine old place of red brick softened by a pale powdery lichen which has dispersed itself with happy irregularity so as to bring the red brick into terms of friendly companionship with the limestone ornaments surrounding the three gables the windows and the door place.
Prediction is: tow ell appearance moly had got throug her afterd in ar work in and exemplary manner had cleemned herself with great to spatch and now came to ask submissiely if she shoul sitd down to er spinning to mo ing time | actual is: to all appearance molly had got through her after dinner work in an exemplary manner had cleaned herself with great dispatch and now came to ask submissively if she should sit down to her spinning till milking time.
Prediction is: i never ne your eqals for golosness | actual is: i never knew your equals for gallowsness.
Prediction is: you ae arwarin prorciting noun e your work a little wile after ts time to put by | actual is: you are a rare un for sitting down to your work a little while after it is time to put by.
Prediction is: the ou streof the house his plain now | actual is: the history of the house is plain now.
Prediction is: she sgoined wbut the irning things away | actual is: she is going to put the ironing things away.
Prediction is: o ive no dout its and caperal order | actual is: oh i have no doubt it is in capital order.
Prediction is: thats which oeud ligke to be doing is it | actual is: that is what you would like to be doing is it.
Prediction is: this miss poicof said wlathing and eleaving that the captain wa reilly interasted in noer mot pans and would a gust his apinion of her to the pearance of her dary | actual is: this missus poyser said blushing and believing that the captain was really interested in her milk pans and would adjust his opinion of her to the appearance of her dairy.
Prediction is: come the wol for the whitdtas indeed | actual is: comb the wool for the whittaws indeed.
Prediction is: fer thers foter and barne sir if heu be afanyuse | actual is: but there is father the barn sir if he would be of any use.
Prediction is: maney mirans prik told these whaty don to warm | actual is: munny my iron is twite told pease put it down to warm.
Prediction is: i doliedin your kiction | actual is: i delight in your kitchen.
Prediction is: iv strong a serance that no evel will hav at you ind my uncl in the children fe manything i have done | actual is: i have strong assurance that no evil will happen to you and my uncle and the children from anything i have done.
Prediction is: had he sur ofen to the ouppertunity when her ans back was turned of looking at the pleasing reflection of herself in those polished survices for the o table was usually turned up like a screnm and was more for orniment bhen for yuse and she could see ourself sometimes in the great round petrdiches therg were ranged on the shouns above the log deo diher table or in the hobs of the great which alway shown like jasper | actual is: hetty sorrel often took the opportunity when her aunt is back was turned of looking at the pleasing reflection of herself in those polished surfaces for the oak table was usually turned up like a screen and was more for ornament than for use and she could see herself sometimes in the great round pewter dishes that were ranged on the shelves above the long deal dinner table or in the hobs of the grate which always shone like jasper.
Prediction is: spining indeed | actual is: spinning indeed.
Prediction is: mony ii did ny to do into the barn to tue to see the woit id | actual is: munny i tould ike to do into de barn to tommy to see de whittawd.
Prediction is: said keptain dyefhorn siting hmself where geld see along the short passage to the open daridor | actual is: said captain donnithorne seating himself where he could see along the short passage to the open dairy door.
Prediction is: tor the bindows aur pached with wouden tains and the door i thank is like the gat it is never opened | actual is: but the windows are patched with wooden panes and the door i think is like the gate it is never opened.
Prediction is: but there is always a strunger sencs of life when the son is briliant after rain and nhow he his poring down his bengs the making sparkles among the wet stra and lighting up every patthaf vivid gree mos and the red tiles of the counshed and turniing even the mody water this huriing along the chenel to the dran into or merr for the ellow buil ducks ywre sesing the afpertunuty of gitting a grink with ias much body in it his possible | actual is: but there is always a stronger sense of life when the sun is brilliant after rain and now he is pouring down his beams and making sparkles among the wet straw and lighting up every patch of vivid green moss on the red tiles of the cow shed and turning even the muddy water that is hurrying along the channel to the drain into a mirror for the yellow billed ducks who are seizing the opportunity of getting a drink with as much body in it as possible.
Prediction is: but not more the whoth in f ible and said dit | actual is: but not more than what is in the bible aunt said dinah.
Prediction is: where he great barn doors ar thrown white open and menor bisy ber mening the hurnese under te superintendans of mister goby the would a otho i satilar who indertans them with a latis tredls an dosip | actual is: for the great barn doors are thrown wide open and men are busy there mending the harness under the superintendence of mister goby the whittaw otherwise saddler who entertains them with the latest treddleston gossip.
Prediction is: noser he isend he s goned to rositer to see mister west the facter aouthewol | actual is: no sir he is not he is gone to rosseter to see mister west the factor about the wool.
Prediction is: did ever anybody se the li scremed missus poiser bruning towards the pable when er i had follown onte blu streeme | actual is: did ever anybody see the like screamed missus poyser running towards the table when her eye had fallen on the blue stream.
Prediction is:  now no kno tay diter feet wet said missus poiser curring away her ire | actual is: no no no totty ud get her feet wet said missus poyser carrying away her iron.
Prediction is: i hand a come inpatience with youu | actual is: i hanna common patience with you.
Prediction is: i knows form is in better order than any other with inten miles of us and as fr the kicion he hadded smiling i oot believe there is wone in the king domto beed it | actual is: i know his farm is in better order than any other within ten miles of us and as for the kitchen he added smiling i do not believe there is one in the kingdom to beat it.
Prediction is: by ta i i nevrse your dary nd a ser daryng mis sus boiser | actual is: by the by i have never seen your dairy i must see your dairy missus poyser.
Prediction is: the fancthat it was turning day was another reason hyy it was inconvinint to have the witd os and why consiquently missus poaiser should scoled moly  the house made with unusual soverity | actual is: the fact that it was churning day was another reason why it was inconvenient to have the whittaws and why consequently missus poyser should scold molly the housemaid with unusual severity.
Prediction is: madear and you niver heard me sav that all people ar calledto foer sake their work n heir fanilis | actual is: nay dear aunt you never heard me say that all people are called to forsake their work and their families.
Prediction is: poiseures not a t ol misse | actual is: poyser is not at home is he.
Prediction is: and she was very foun of you to ant rato | actual is: and she was very fond of you too aunt rachel.
Prediction is: for it is a solod heaby hand some door and must once have been in the habit of shedding with a sonner os bang byhing the livery dlack l jest sen his master and misters of the grounds in ae cariagge an pair | actual is: for it is a solid heavy handsome door and must once have been in the habit of shutting with a sonorous bang behind a liveried lackey who had just seen his master and mistress off the grounds in a carriage and pair.
Prediction is: i did ne preach without direction | actual is: i did not preach without direction.
Prediction is: sever plose horces appilion a spanyg wel an n old bok wit opnd in stefol of coller gras | actual is: several clothes horses a pillion a spinning wheel and an old box wide open and stuffed full of coloured rags.
Prediction is: in is come another day and see yor husban i went to hav a consltachot with him about horces | actual is: i must come another day and see your husband i want to have a consultation with him about horses.
Prediction is: and what thoug the left hand window | actual is: and what through the left hand window.
Prediction is: direction | actual is: direction.
Prediction is: tais theway with you tha is the ro youd all like to go had longs to roin | actual is: that is the way with you that is the road you would all like to go headlongs to ruin.
Prediction is: but yo kno more oabout that that i dy sir | actual is: but you know more about that than i do sir.
Prediction is: atd the egof thi spots there eis a great would nt dal which sopar as nudilationis concern teers a strong resemblanse to the finas s rek scupeer and especialy in the toty los of its nose | actual is: at the edge of this box there lies a great wooden doll which so far as mutilation is concerned bears a strong resemblance to the finest greek sculpture and especially in the total loss of its nose.
Prediction is: donot supplose however tat missus poicir was elderly or sruewish and her appearance she was a good looking womon not more than eight an thirty a feir complection ind san te hair will shaepen like fuot it | actual is: do not suppose however that missus poyser was elderly or shrewish in her appearance she was a good looking woman not more than eight and thirty of fair complexion and sandy hair well shapen light footed.
Prediction is: misterot las inded | actual is: mister ottley is indeed.
Prediction is: whach he had that ban enless tand i was only a leveng year s old she is to say yoll have ar friend anearth in yuran rachl if imd taken for you burshe has a kind heart an in sure i found it so | actual is: when she had that bad illness and i was only eleven years old she used to say you will have a friend on earth in your aunt rachel if i am taken from you for she has a kind heart and i am sure i have found it so.
Prediction is: a lardge open fire place with ruste dogsin it and terborted flor at the farand fleces af wols stacked up in the middle of the ploor som empty corn begs | actual is: a large open fireplace with rusty dogs in it and a bare boarded floor at the far end fleeces of wool stacked up in the middle of the floor some empty corn bags.
Prediction is: o toght you to scrab ae flor i shoul like to know | actual is: who taught you to scrub a floor i should like to know.
Prediction is: phold as it my darling blas your swet face | actual is: cold is it my darling bless your sweet face.
Prediction is: brt is time the two gentleman the reached the pailings and a got down from their horces whitwas plain they en to tom iin | actual is: by this time the two gentlemen had reached the palings and had got down from their horses it was plain they meant to come in.
Prediction is: the vamly like this petweem pher and her ne stin a morise with ha contras be wee porkenness and diness sor rafict gentleless o expression might ave served o pitger as an excelent s ufggestion for a mart that in mery | actual is: the family likeness between her and her niece dinah morris with the contrast between her keenness and dinah is seraphic gentleness of expression might have served a painter as an excellent suggestion for a martha and mary.
Prediction is: i cand no more hop spending my lif in trying to do what i can for the sols of others the you couet help roning if you heard little toty crying at the other ind of pe house the voice would dboot y your heart you woad bingn the dear chil was in trobler andanger and you could not rest without raning to helpper in tcompertd her | actual is: i can no more help spending my life in trying to do what i can for the souls of others than you could help running if you heard little totty crying at the other end of the house the voice would go to your heart you would think the dear child was in trouble or in danger and you could not rest without running to help her and comfort her.
Prediction is: be gan all be sevnce of god wherever aur lot is canst but he givs ustifereng sworts of whork recoring as he fitsusfor it intolses to it | actual is: we can all be servants of god wherever our lot is cast but he gives us different sorts of work according as he fits us for it and calls us to it.
Prediction is: her ton was not lesst ken than ar iy and whenever a dam so ame with ar shot seeemd to take up and unfinish locksure as a berol orgin take s o bhetun per sicely hat the point where it ed lef doh | actual is: her tongue was not less keen than her eye and whenever a damsel came within earshot seemed to take up an unfinished lecture as a barrel organ takes up a tune precisely at the point where it had left off.
Prediction is: for i is any where in the farm we can sen for himan a minut | actual is: for if he is anywhere on the farm we can send for him in a minute.
Prediction is: toty however had decended fom er chaire with great swithness and was already in rythr pords the dary with a sort of watlling ron and in amount of fhat on the naeet reneckt which made her looked like the mei morfhices of a whihte sucling pag | actual is: totty however had descended from her chair with great swiftness and was already in retreat towards the dairy with a sort of waddling run and an amount of fat on the nape of her neck which made her look like the metamorphosis of a white suckling pig.
Prediction is: said mister arone with is staktely cordality | actual is: said mister irwine with his stately cordiality.
Prediction is: o seradal t mentiont said mose poser | actual is: oh sir do not mention it said missus poyser.
Prediction is: and ther s linmin in the house as i cud well spar you fri ot lots af sheaeting an table ploting ind talings is ait ma up | actual is: and there is linen in the house as i could well spare you for i have got lots o sheeting and table clothing and towelling as is not made up.
Prediction is: i think is should be do rn you as serviced o turn you out of such aplace | actual is: i think i should be doing you a service to turn you out of such a place.
Prediction is: o sir said missus poisar reather larned yo would wo like it at all | actual is: oh sir said missus poyser rather alarmed you would not like it at all.
Prediction is: i ap en herder talk of you ind the same sort of way | actual is: i often heard her talk of you in the same sort of way.
Prediction is: iwi cay all the cause besides | actual is: i will pay all the costs besides.
Prediction is: they were seeved in the little of ase by aman ne markomo was the jalor | actual is: they were received in the little office by a man named markham who was the jailer.
Prediction is: they be cegat s a once as kane | actual is: may we see gates at once asked kenneth.
Prediction is: but under the circun stances i dot he such in arage we coul be lade | actual is: but under the circumstances i doubt if such an arrangement could be made.
Prediction is: he is suposed to sine all the checs of the conserve | actual is: he is supposed to sign all the checks of the concern.
Prediction is: he hae not to dorn calle here is visiters tome | actual is: he unlocked the door and called here is visitors tom.
Prediction is: i see wat athat card  my day | actual is: i have seen lots of that kind in my day.
Prediction is: i have maod resoncs mistrermarcial | actual is: i have my own reasons mister marshall.
Prediction is: afreshwals som looking boy wis tomge gates was steady gray eyes hand intellitian for hed but a sensit iave grather wek moe | actual is: a fresh wholesome looking boy was tom gates with steady gray eyes an intelligent forehead but a sensitive rather weak mouth.
Prediction is: there was a grim smile of a mesement on his shrud face | actual is: there was a grim smile of amusement on his shrewd face.
Prediction is: ho was asserious crimande mister ats an told thim and tome gates bad faire to servallang theterm in the states prison as a consquenc of his resh act | actual is: it was a serious crime indeed mister watson told them and tom gates bade fair to serve a lengthy term in state is prison as a consequence of his rash act.
Prediction is: i discovered ind put out afire that would have dostright the wioplet bu martsall nevery sean thinkme | actual is: i discovered and put out a fire that would have destroyed the whole plant but marshall never even thanked me.
Prediction is: ten raters whatn do wanything but leater around and waite uponer and the place wentch er racckand roin | actual is: then rogers would not do anything but lead her around and wait upon her and the place went to rack and ruin.
Prediction is: tmis te greth said canith nouto sing teblois face criticaly as he stiodd wherd the wighte from the pasige fel upon it | actual is: miss de graf said kenneth noticing the boy is face critically as he stood where the light from the passage fell upon it.
Prediction is: so well ser what about im | actual is: oh well sir what about him.
Prediction is: di me a check for a endrdo fifty had al tered over to yout the forgh chect an quushe for the procedings | actual is: give me a check for a hundred and fifty and i will turn over to you the forged check and quash further proceedings.
Prediction is: they leftim then for the jalor arrive to ar nok the door and ascort thm to the office | actual is: they left him then for the jailer arrived to unlock the door and escort them to the office.
Prediction is: he loked up rather ungraciouswy bat motion them to be ceated | actual is: he looked up rather ungraciously but motioned them to be seated.
Prediction is: yur foish whis shoel dyo do a this | actual is: you are foolish why should you do all this.
Prediction is: tunith the beth refraind from doling tha other grirls ore uncle jhon of old will rogerss fisit but thekg ot mister wantce in in he libarry and question him closely about the pitlty for fortug atcjheck | actual is: kenneth and beth refrained from telling the other girls or uncle john of old will rogers is visit but they got mister watson in the library and questioned him closely about the penalty for forging a check.
Prediction is: some girls batn in your twice to it o view memen and i hae refuse to admiter | actual is: some girl has been here twice to interview my men and i have refused to admit her.
Prediction is: we wish to talk with him answered ket ith tulk | actual is: we wish to talk with him answered kenneth talk.
Prediction is: his case mbe twise sixte dalars anthe noits | actual is: it has cost me twice sixty dollars in annoyance.
Prediction is: sometemes am bat yearnan for a smoe om mearly crasy an not ako which is worse dind one wa rd other | actual is: sometimes i am that yearning for a smoke i am nearly crazy an i dunno which is worst dyin one way or another.
Prediction is: we hav herd something over story said kened et our interested ind it | actual is: we have heard something of your story said kenneth and are interested in it.
Prediction is: hey willo pe much but am gratful tofid of friend | actual is: it will not be much but i am grateful to find a friend.
Prediction is: and it ros f ans jisposition | actual is: and it ruins a man is disposition.
Prediction is: i was bic kyper so it was easti get a blint check and force the signatur | actual is: i was bookkeeper so it was easy to get a blank check and forge the signature.
Prediction is: it was better for him to think the girl and feeling ben to not the truth | actual is: it was better for him to think the girl unfeeling than to know the truth.
Prediction is: i gan no se it in that light said the od glyr | actual is: i can not see it in that light said the old lawyer.
Prediction is: they follow the jhelor olow the succession of passiages | actual is: they followed the jailer along a succession of passages.
Prediction is: but they cud not hae proveina gase against lucy if she was iniceme and all their hrets of heresting her wee probl a mear bluf | actual is: but they could not have proven a case against lucy if she was innocent and all their threats of arresting her were probably mere bluff.
Prediction is: hold well as a find fellow bu poor in helplas since missus rager s hather accidin | actual is: old will is a fine fellow but poor and helpless since missus rogers had her accident.
Prediction is: whos name i syo sight to the check as khanese | actual is: whose name did you sign to the check asked kenneth.
Prediction is: i reding for represented as on ther replosli con ticket said cameithquially | actual is: i am running for representative on the republican ticket said kenneth quietly.
Prediction is: he docustet the grasping dispisioson that would handever to t ake et vamage of his evitent desire to help youn gates | actual is: he detested the grasping disposition that would endeavor to take advantage of his evident desire to help young gates.
Prediction is: hes pok cimply but paced uppen down tho merow sel a trim oed them | actual is: he spoke simply but paced up and down the narrow cell in front of them.
Prediction is: as regards my roving the compny al say that i saved them a havy las on day | actual is: as regards my robbing the company i will say that i saved them a heavy loss one day.
Prediction is: if the prosicution wreit wish tron nd the ca settled with the victem of the forch chec than the youngman would pe allotis fredom | actual is: if the prosecution were withdrawn and the case settled with the victim of the forged check then the young man would be allowed his freedom.
Prediction is: it ita stop compbany inrich | actual is: it is a stock company and rich.
Prediction is: and to think we can save all that misury af dispar by the pamen of a huntrd n fifty doers | actual is: and to think we can save all that misery and despair by the payment of a hundred and fifty dollars.
Prediction is: i sa that is different ebxorve markom alterin as demeter | actual is: oh say that is different observed markham altering his demeanor.
Prediction is: he might av had that forch chect for the face of it hif he ben sharp | actual is: he might have had that forged check for the face of it if he would been sharp.
Prediction is: farve heu was trweve miles away but bi teneclou they due up at the caty jail | actual is: fairview was twelve miles away but by ten oclock they drew up at the county jail.
Prediction is: sirly have an any reception romin the jal | actual is: sorry we have not any reception room in the jail.
Prediction is: and he desrve aturmin states prison | actual is: and he deserves a term in state is prison.
Prediction is: he was sothardted in impetuous sad beth and being a lev hedin n stop to kcolut the cust | actual is: he was soft hearted and impetuous said beth and being in love he did not stop to count the cost.
Prediction is: feth anes hyet isilan s muched him | actual is: beth uneasy at his silence nudged him.
Prediction is: ia goin o see mistermercial said canete and discover what i can do to has his tou thankis sir | actual is: i am going to see mister marshall said kenneth and discover what i can do to assist you thank you sir.
Prediction is: e tonplese saip gatestin aterful im proesnt voce theres appenchure | actual is: sit down please said gates in a cheerful and pleasant voice there is a bench here.
Prediction is: orse tom ors ad er replied the jhalar clibilly | actual is: worse tom worse n ever replied the jailer gloomily.
Prediction is: it was a deliver atfeft from his employrs two protec to girl he loved | actual is: it was a deliberate theft from his employers to protect a girl he loved.
Prediction is: a not electioneringgjes nmi | actual is: i am not electioneering just now.
Prediction is: i did no stop to think whether it was foish er not i did it and o gadi ditit | actual is: i did not stop to think whether it was foolish or not i did it and i am glad i did.
Prediction is: the house keep rer let away n bats followd | actual is: the housekeeper led the way and beth followed.
Prediction is: she sa to in erruccan char and clase pin her hams in er ap rog slealy backon forth im sorie sat beth | actual is: she sat down in a rocking chair and clasping her hands in her lap rocked slowly back and forth i am sorry said beth.
Prediction is: she rose quickly to hrfeet with in ampecueaus gester that made her isiter kethtra brith | actual is: she rose quickly to her feet with an impetuous gesture that made her visitor catch her breath.
Prediction is: foliso parse ont shickher head | actual is: eliza parsons shook her head.
Prediction is: the only thing nicesseri was to fick semth frenalts and this hompkens araged persomally | actual is: the only thing necessary was to fix seth reynolds and this hopkins arranged personally.
Prediction is: i itten to ther houseolp bending yuto and care for the linden | actual is: i attend to the household mending you know and care for the linen.
Prediction is: pables were spred o ha lon and ta dad teep at sub sa sholl re pased was to be served | actual is: tables were spread on the lawn and a dainty but substantial repast was to be served.
Prediction is: heris wandert to the mades hanc | actual is: her eyes wandered to the maid is hands.
Prediction is: she was drused in the raculation cause to of the mades it eldherst a pliing blat gi wash a whigte apernt ancap | actual is: she was dressed in the regulation costume of the maids at elmhurst a plain black gown with white apron and cap.
Prediction is: that doecraticcommitty fikured out away to do this | actual is: the democratic committee figured out a way to do this.
Prediction is: for the first time the made seemed a little confused an her gase wandered from the face of her visiter | actual is: for the first time the maid seemed a little confused and her gaze wandered from the face of her visitor.
Prediction is: who tyo rontend to the house and seeeifh mart tho can nt spar whoner two mor mades | actual is: will not you run into the house and see if martha can not spare one or two more maids.
Prediction is: ilisaclose the dorthe hinder wirh a decidted swam and he kce clicet in the lok | actual is: eliza closed the door behind her with a decided slam and a key clicked in the lock.
Prediction is: oen the fister hup ain s first tas after calling his fainthful ench ben eround him was to make a carefuocondes of the voders of his distrec to seee hat was stil to be acconplished | actual is: one of mister hopkins is first tasks after calling his faithful henchmen around him was to make a careful canvass of the voters of his district to see what was still to be accomplished.
Prediction is: un der ordi mary conditions redilds was sure to be elected but the commatdy preposed to sacrifise him ind order toalacoptaans | actual is: under ordinary conditions reynolds was sure to be elected but the committee proposed to sacrifice him in order to elect hopkins.
Prediction is: and this was why tan a then bet discovered him comversing with the young woman in the bugy | actual is: and this was why kenneth and beth discovered him conversing with the young woman in the buggy.
Prediction is: her matter was neter indepentdet ynor certif but rather od of well pread composure and com relie | actual is: her manner was neither independent nor assertive but rather one of well bred composure and calm reliance.
Prediction is: this was the firstoccasion wthan tha generation woen such an ener camment had been given at elmerst and the only wen within the memory of man where the nebers and country people had ben me invided ges | actual is: this was the first occasion within a generation when such an entertainment had been given at elmhurst and the only one within the memory of man where the neighbors and country people had been invited guests.
Prediction is: the weak med contentioncy must be stranththand and fortified and a cuple of hundred volts in one way or tha other sacured from mor aaposition | actual is: the weak kneed contingency must be strengthened and fortified and a couple of hundred votes in one way or another secured from the opposition.
Prediction is: she was very fond of the yungladies whom she had goe when yt jane was the misteres here ad beth was herspecial favoret | actual is: she was very fond of the young ladies whom she had known when aunt jane was the mistress here and beth was her especial favorite.
Prediction is: for amomit bat stod staring whele the new made regarded her was composure an o slight smile upon her beautiful face | actual is: for a moment beth stood staring while the new maid regarded her with composure and a slight smile upon her beautiful face.
Prediction is: the attendence was unexpectedly large and the girls where deligted for seen great success for their fight | actual is: the attendance was unexpectedly large and the girls were delighted foreseeing great success for their fete.
Prediction is: these weremian were flatterd by the attention of the youn lady and had promise to assist in e liting distrerforbs | actual is: these women were flattered by the attention of the young lady and had promised to assist in electing mister forbes.
Prediction is: tle wes hoped for excllet results from his orginisation and wished the en ertanment to be so effective in wining ther good will that they would work ernesly for the cause in which they were in listed | actual is: louise hoped for excellent results from this organization and wished the entertainment to be so effective in winning their good will that they would work earnestly for the cause in which they were enlisted.
Prediction is: wol you leave be alon in my own romar must i gowy to ascapes you | actual is: will you leave me alone in my own room or must i go away to escape you.
Prediction is: he spek like n achicat ed person sat beth wonderingly wwere s er ho | actual is: you speak like an educated person said beth wonderingly where is your home.
Prediction is: the tlay lightme an soveway and i i chat ber tham he must exuse me | actual is: they they excite me in some way and i i can not bear them you must excuse me.
Prediction is: but a cano be pretes to te cil | actual is: but it can not be protested the girl.
Prediction is: i lish i kno myself she cried fircely | actual is: i wish i knew myself she cried fiercely.
Prediction is: than she gave a little af en repflie no mis pbeth imose it ofh parsens | actual is: then she gave a little laugh and replied no miss beth i am elizabeth parsons.
Prediction is: she even seemd miadly amused at the atention she attracted | actual is: she even seemed mildly amused at the attention she attracted.
Prediction is: the description she gave of the coming reception to the womnis politicl lek was so chumerous and deverting that they werebosth lauthing hardily over the thing when the young people pass them and thus mister hoptainis faild to notice woithe oncupece ofs the other vecol wor | actual is: the description she gave of the coming reception to the woman is political league was so humorous and diverting that they were both laughing heartily over the thing when the young people passed them and thus mister hopkins failed to notice who the occupants of the other vehicle were.
Prediction is: soe to the surprise at the denmi crati cimmidy an al wais friends mister hupcensinnounce that he woul appose forts a gress ovf ca pau whithan equal acressniss and spend as many tolers an doing so as might be neessary | actual is: so to the surprise of the democratic committee and all his friends mister hopkins announced that he would oppose forbes is aggressive campaign with an equal aggressiveness and spend as many dollars in doing so as might be necessary.
Prediction is: bhath was a beful girl the hansoes ofe the threcusns by far ye alis as urpased her annatural churm and seemed well aware of the fact | actual is: beth was a beautiful girl the handsomest of the three cousins by far yet eliza surpassed her in natural charm and seemed well aware of the fact.
Prediction is: the far vewpandt was ingaged to discourse as much harmany as it could produce and the reshorses of the great house were tas to enertaine the gues | actual is: the fairview band was engaged to discourse as much harmony as it could produce and the resources of the great house were taxed to entertain the guests.
Prediction is: we ought to have more attent insbeath setaliese approaching hercousin | actual is: we ought to have more attendants beth said louise approaching her cousin.
Prediction is: how ovher her features om for might represse any evidtence of nervisness these hance tld a different story | actual is: however her features and form might repress any evidence of nervousness these hands told a different story.
Prediction is: so presuwacivd wer her and treaties asd so strong resuringses that no hom whatever could resule to them frolm the information she sout they wa injuse to confes that one some rs night the same she abention themselves an another friend being out on the strol wetd edaful theyhad ben consern in the aduction ofta girl womwered olful cared off whas the resst of tem dotain her family who made a great out cry and wol have defended heri they could | actual is: so persuasive were her entreaties and so strong her assurances that no harm whatever could result to them from the information she sought they were induced to confess that one summer is night the same she had mentioned themselves and another friend being out on a stroll with rodolfo they had been concerned in the abduction of a girl whom rodolfo carried off whilst the rest of them detained her family who made a great outcry and would have defended her if they could.
Prediction is: just thenm tepad yecang to reself and ambracingthe cros seem changed into hacea of tears and the gentlmen remaining an ot of the widmend untillos wivfe had rppeated to him from teganng to en their cadous hold stor and he believed it thoh a bless of dispensation of heaem which had cofernd it by so many comvens in test omon | actual is: just then leocadia came to herself and embracing the cross seemed changed into a sea of tears and the gentleman remained in utter bewilderment until his wife had repeated to him from beginning to end leocadia is whole story and he believed it through the blessed dispensation of heaven which had confirmed it by so many convincing testimonies.
Prediction is: mother do ar father do ou urm | actual is: mother dear father do you hear me.
Prediction is: all rose to do her reverins as ta something from heav emn had no acculousthe appeared befor them but gasing on her and traned with hatdmiration not one of them was eble to address a singl word to her | actual is: all rose to do her reverence as if something from heaven had miraculously appeared before them but gazing on her entranced with admiration not one of them was able to address a single word to her.
Prediction is: when she came to assenses and blushing to find herself ind the dof was arms would have tisengase herself no si our he said that must not be strid not to the dro rof the huns of h iml hods you his so | actual is: when she came to her senses and blushing to find herself in rodolfo is arms would have disengaged herself no senora he said that must not be strive not to withdraw from the arms of him who holds you in his soul.
Prediction is: it is the only a mens i askk of yeu for the rong have donby | actual is: it is the only amends i ask of you for the wrong you have done me.
Prediction is: time rold on they or of her delivery alighed it tok place and the uppo secrecy ho mother takin upon her the offise ofmite wife as she gae burth to has son whan f the most butiful everse | actual is: time rolled on the hour of her delivery arrived it took place in the utmost secrecy her mother taking upon her the office of midwife and she gave birth to a son one of the most beautiful ever seen.
Prediction is: one day when the boy was sent by his grand father but ae message to arelation he pass along a street an wich the was a great con a cors of horsemen | actual is: one day when the boy was sent by his grandfather with a message to a relation he passed along a street in which there was a great concourse of horsemen.
Prediction is: ind a moment he cold municatd isthoughts is companions and in the next moment they was all to turne back and carry aloff to please woith o forthe wrich wgore open handed always fined parasie rady to an curacge their bad propencities and thus to coulseeve this wickad desime to communicateed approve it risoled on gradishal ocadia and to car that desind intoe affect was the work of e momet | actual is: in a moment he communicated his thoughts to his companions and in the next moment they resolved to turn back and carry her off to please rodolfo for the rich who are open handed always find parasites ready to encourage their bad propensities and thus to conceive this wicked design to communicate it approve it resolve on ravishing leocadia and to carry that design into effect was the work of a moment.
Prediction is: for got sake my laydou mothv gaive mhe awife for would be in agreable companion not one who wo descustdmes o that me they both ber evenly and thit utural goodwil to gok impose o os by heaven as theat opponing this way and that way and frenting a chrothe to death | actual is: for god is sake my lady mother give me a wife who would be an agreeable companion not one who will disgust me so that we may both bear evenly and with mutual good will the yoke imposed on us by heaven instead of pulling this way and that way and fretting each other to death.
Prediction is: this person was wedellfom withoghwe yhat gon to lok for his friends had changed his mind in that respect no think kng it advisibles toe ae coaint then thit what had pass between him in the girl | actual is: this person was rodolfo who though he had gone to look for his friends had changed his mind in that respect not thinking it advisable to acquaint them with what had passed between him and the girl.
Prediction is: whois was out of dangrin afort night and a monty rose fom his bed and juing all that time he was visited dalevyice mother and ran mother and treated by the mastrand mistras of the house as if he was ther own chiled | actual is: luis was out of danger in a fortnight in a month he rose from his bed and during all that time he was visited daily by his mother and grandmother and treated by the master and mistress of the house as if he was their own child.
Prediction is: on the confrary he resaved to tell them that repenting of his vilans and moved by a teaar she had only cared her half way to wards as house and then let her go | actual is: on the contrary he resolved to tell them that repenting of his violence and moved by her tears he had only carried her half way towards his house and then let her go.
Prediction is: her bering was graceful anaimated she let her son mythe hand and before her walch to mades wouhd lacs ligtes and silver canlsticks | actual is: her bearing was graceful and animated she led her son by the hand and before her walked two maids with wax lights and silver candlesticks.
Prediction is: thu sti is yrur maine and lite minded fought or comfort his unhappby daughter and her mother m bracing her again i all a she couod to surt the filings | actual is: thus did this humane and right minded father comfort his unhappy daughter and her mother embracing her again did all she could to soothe her feelings.
Prediction is: just athe moment when the tears of the pittying te hold has flowd fastist and there e jacculations when most expressed of dispare the ocade ga sines of recouveriy and broght back glladness o the harts of al | actual is: just at the moment when the tears of the pitying beholders flowed fastest and their ejaculations were most expressive of despair leocadia gave signs of recovery and brought back gladness to the hearts of all.
Prediction is: fimly the one party wen of exultin and the other was left in disolation and were | actual is: finally the one party went off exulting and the other was left in desolation and woe.
Prediction is: his mother had left her to him as being hor dest in portecter a whenshe saw that he to as insensible she was he am making a third and would have done so hae you not come to himself | actual is: his mother had left her to him as being her destined protector but when she saw that he too was insensible she was near making a third and would have done so had he not come to himself.
Prediction is: no them sone o my heart that this fanting lady as you rear briht i say rea becaule she is the one who  fod wrn i have chost nfor you and the portrat was appretence | actual is: know then son of my heart that this fainting lady is your real bride i say real because she is the one whom your father and i have chosen for you and the portrait was a pretence.
Prediction is: noles weredorful les surprie them they and the betteto as shoe himself o so wonderful afact he beg lo catiat to gave him some token which should make pefectly claare to him that which indeeed he did not dout sinc it was otenticated byispentse | actual is: nor was rodolfo less surprised than they and the better to assure himself of so wonderful a fact he begged leocadia to give him some token which should make perfectly clear to him that which indeed he did not doubt since it was authenticated by his parents.
Prediction is: on the boy walkdto thi streets blessings whas shouwred upon him by all who saw hm blessing upon his beaut upon the mother tha bor him ufon the father dhat they ga im upon ho ewho broh him hut so wel | actual is: when the boy walked through the streets blessings were showered upon him by all who saw him blessings upon his beauty upon the mother that bore him upon the father that begot him upon those who brought him up so well.
Prediction is: that wil be veryu well my chiled frer pie o father if your pland when not liable to be frestraitd by ord nery coning ut no dot this imish hav en alratdi mis by hs oner and he wiln av sad it downg fo certan that he was taken out of the roome by the person yu lockd up there | actual is: that would be very well my child replied her father if your plan were not liable to be frustrated by ordinary cunning but no doubt this image has been already missed by its owner and he will have set it down for certain that it was taken out of the room by the person he locked up there.
Prediction is: crctachious me and i ambet | actual is: who touches me am i in bed.
Prediction is: a ongnother thingson which she cased her eyes was a small croseffics of sollod sover standing on a cabin ot nate winno | actual is: among other things on which she cast her eyes was a small crucifix of solid silver standing on a cabinet near the window.
Prediction is: thu same and pressing tha pcrose of fixtrhabresst she fel fanting into the ams of don ye ofonia who as a gentlaweman taon mo sixpity os he natual as crulties tro man instantle presed hermits to thoso the fantin gorl sheding over her so many tears that their neded no other sprinking o blahter to thecoern olcadia from her swom | actual is: thus saying and pressing the crucifix to her breast she fell fainting into the arms of dona estafania who as a gentlewoman to whose sex pity is as natural as cruelty is to man instantly pressed her lips to those of the fainting girl shedding over her so many tears that there needed no other sprinkling of water to recover leocadia from her swoon.
Prediction is: she reflect ed how ners she stood to the crices which was ho determen where tha she was to be bless or unhappy fore ever and race by the intencitiof her remotions s shes suddenly changed cotoer hor had droped anshe felt fowared in the swominto the ons of the dismaetest e fona | actual is: she reflected how near she stood to the crisis which was to determine whether she was to be blessed or unhappy for ever and racked by the intensity of her emotions she suddenly changed colour her head dropped and she fell forward in a swoon into the arms of the dismayed estafania.
Prediction is: she sow at the bead was gilded and so richat it seemed that of e prince theboutat that of he prithat ghentlem | actual is: she saw that the bed was gilded and so rich that it seemed that of a prince rather than of a private gentleman.
Prediction is: what you had bhes du by shile is to kepit and pray to it that sins it was a wictkness to your undoin it will dayng to then the catur caus bitsrich isjuch | actual is: what you had best do my child is to keep it and pray to it that since it was a witness to your undoing it will deign to vindicate your cause by its righteous judgment.
Prediction is: the bed she two well remembred was the and abov all the cabenit on which had stood the immen she ht taken a way wt still on the same spo | actual is: the bed she too well remembered was there and above all the cabinet on which had stood the image she had taken away was still on the same spot.
Prediction is: i av guretthings to tele san nor said dos ta fan at to ar huspend the crem an subsons of whichis this the fanting girl before you is your daughter and tha boy as you grand son | actual is: i have great things to tell you senor said dona estafania to her husband the cream and substance of which is this the fainting girl before you is your daughter and that boy is your grandson.
Prediction is: wrd allfull an is companions whe heir faces moufled an their cloks star erodly an insoletly at the mother the dahdran de servnt man | actual is: rodolfo and his companions with their faces muffled in their cloaks stared rudely and insolently at the mother the daughter and the servant maid.
Prediction is: meng wil wroued alfulr have low caya safe in his cussity andin his own ofpartment | actual is: meanwhile rodolfo had leocadia safe in his custody and in his own apartment.
Prediction is: alevet a cockan strock it was a finclear night thar were the only persons on the rod and they sonted leasially along to voiyt paing the prise of fitege for the recuration previded for the toledins and the vally or on the banks of their river | actual is: eleven oclock had struck it was a fine clear night they were the only persons on the road and they sauntered leisurely along to avoid paying the price of fatigue for the recreation provided for the toledans in their valley or on the banks of their river.
Prediction is: they do their sords head their faces in the flaps of their cloks turned back and soon came and frond o t e ittl party who had not yoehe dohn gitving sangks to god for ther e scape from thoseor dacious men | actual is: they drew their swords hid their faces in the flaps of their cloaks turned back and soon came in front of the little party who had not yet done giving thanks to god for their escape from those audacious men.
Prediction is: this was don for the od vhemntook plase at a time four the consen to the paties was suffision for the selibatio of the marige without any of the proliminary for malities whicsh o know so properly required | actual is: this was done for the event took place at a time when the consent of the parties was sufficient for the celebration of a marriage without any of the preliminary formalities which are now so properly required.
Prediction is: sicur as he fhouht and tha caflla mnistracion of justice in that sity and the caractr of its well dispose tham habidens the good had augo was far from thinking that anyd is aster could befall this fae | actual is: secure as he thought in the careful administration of justice in that city and the character of its well disposed inhabitants the good hidalgo was far from thinking that any disaster could befal his family.
Prediction is: were da fullrevi at his own housewitho any inpetdiment ad e catious paran s reechd there s hart brokin an dispen | actual is: rodolfo arrived at his own house without any impediment and leocadia is parents reached theirs heart broken and despairing.
Prediction is: she found the door but it was loke out side | actual is: she found the door but it was locked outside.
Prediction is: this tru which i hade lorned from herlets is comfomd by his face in which we a both beheld that of our son | actual is: this truth which i have learned from her lips is confirmed by his face in which we have both beheld that of our son.
Prediction is: she mean wilast her life ith her parans in the strictes to retarmand neveleding herself be seen but shoning every eless ted should reed her miss fortune in her face | actual is: she meanwhile passed her life with her parents in the strictest retirement never letting herself be seen but shunning every eye lest it should read her misfortune in her face.
Prediction is: choking with a moti on theircata made a signd o apans that she wishd to be alon bit them | actual is: choking with emotion leocadi made a sign to her parents that she wished to be alone with them.
Prediction is: she succeded in opening the window and t a moe lite shoen an so gritly that she could distinguishd the coler of some dams channing in the room | actual is: she succeeded in opening the window and the moonlight shone in so brightly that she could distinguish the colour of some damask hangings in the room.
Prediction is: af spokonto she would not spak again | actual is: if spoken to she would not speak again.
Prediction is: birting over all these matters the mother felt like one whu was a voke dispirit but by some er regullarity in the prosess of conjuration has failed to win the master word thu sho con trol this new and incomprehensibale intelligence | actual is: brooding over all these matters the mother felt like one who has evoked a spirit but by some irregularity in the process of conjuration has failed to win the master word that should control this new and incomprehensible intelligence.
Prediction is: beholding it aster was ten stranmed to rush towards the child to prersu the little elth ind the flight which she invariably began tos nat ur to her pusom with a close preasure and earnescises not so much from over flowing love as to as shore herself that perl was sflesshion blod and not utterly dolusevf | actual is: beholding it hester was constrained to rush towards the child to pursue the little elf in the flight which she invariably began to snatch her to her bosom with a close pressure and earnest kisses not so much from overflowing love as to assure herself that pearl was flesh and blood and not utterly delusive.
Prediction is: per al saw and gaed intetly but never soht to make aquaintence | actual is: pearl saw and gazed intently but never sought to make acquaintance.
Prediction is: haster could only a count for the childis caracter and even then most magelly and imperfectly by recalling whith she herself had been duing that mon ma disperiod whill piral was imbiting hersol from the spertual world and her bodly frn from mits miterial of earth | actual is: hester could only account for the child is character and even then most vaguely and imperfectly by recalling what she herself had been during that momentous period while pearl was imbibing her soul from the spiritual world and her bodily frame from its material of earth.
Prediction is: mindful however of her own erors and misfortuns she arly sowght to empose attender but strict con tral over the infent emmortality that was fimited to her charge | actual is: mindful however of her own errors and misfortunes she early sought to impose a tender but strict control over the infant immortality that was committed to her charge.
Prediction is: as to any other kind of disipplen wheather a dressed to her mind or heart little poral might or might not be within itsreech ind acornce wih the caprece that old demoment | actual is: as to any other kind of discipline whether addressed to her mind or heart little pearl might or might not be within its reach in accordance with the caprice that ruled the moment.
Prediction is: god as a diract consequince of the sin which man thus punished had given her a lovely child whose place was on that same disonered busom to cnect er pairit for ever with the race and decent of mordals and to be finilly obless t so in heaven | actual is: god as a direct consequence of the sin which man thus punished had given her a lovely child whose place was on that same dishonoured bosom to connect her parent for ever with the race and descent of mortals and to be finally a blessed soul in heaven.
Prediction is: they we now alominated by the morning radians of a yong childs dis position but later in the day of earhlye existance might be prelific of the storm and were lwind | actual is: they were now illuminated by the morning radiance of a young child is disposition but later in the day of earthly existence might be prolific of the storm and whirlwind.
Prediction is: how strainge it seemed to the sad woman as she watched the groth han the beuauty that bhe came every day more breilint and the inteligence that thorgow its quivering sunchine o w i he tiny features of this child | actual is: how strange it seemed to the sad woman as she watched the growth and the beauty that became every day more brilliant and the intelligence that threw its quivering sunshine over the tiny features of this child.
Prediction is: the child hadi nade iof grace which dos not inariably co existd with faltlesst beauty itis a tire however simple always impressed the be holder as if itwertha very garb that prcicely became it best | actual is: the child had a native grace which does not invariably co exist with faultless beauty its attire however simple always impressed the beholder as if it were the very garb that precisely became it best.
Prediction is: yet these thoughts uffected hester prind less with hope than appryhention | actual is: yet these thoughts affected hester prynne less with hope than apprehension.
Prediction is: it was alok so intelligent yat in explectable prorverse sometime so molicious but genrilly acompninge by a wiled flow of spirits thut hester could not have questioning ot such momess wit her pirl was a human hild | actual is: it was a look so intelligent yet inexplicable perverse sometimes so malicious but generally accompanied by a wild flow of spirits that hester could not help questioning at such moments whether pearl was a human child.
Prediction is: this out wared new abelle the indicated and did not more than farly expressd the various praprties of her in er life | actual is: this outward mutability indicated and did not more than fairly express the various properties of her inner life.
Prediction is: hester prin neverthe les the loving mother of this one child ren little visk of aring on the side of undusavarity | actual is: hester prynne nevertheless the loving mother of this one child ran little risk of erring on the side of undue severity.
Prediction is: peral was aboring out cast of the intentile world | actual is: pearl was a born outcast of the infantile world.
Prediction is: ye hs honerable wor shup is within but he hat the godly ministor to with him and likewie a leash | actual is: yea his honourable worship is within but he hath a godly minister or two with him and likewise a leech.
Prediction is: they approarchd the door which was of an arhed form and flangd on eachside by anarow tower o projectun of the atifics ind both of which fore mates windows the wold en shudder sticlalse over them that med | actual is: they approached the door which was of an arched form and flanked on each side by a narrow tower or projection of the edifice in both of which were lattice windows the wooden shutters to close over them at need.
Prediction is: fer al accordingly ran to thebowin dow at the brurther end of the hal and looked along the vista of a gardind walk capited with closetly shavein grass and bordered with some rud an in etor attempt at sruvery | actual is: pearl accordingly ran to the bow window at the further end of the hall and looked along the vista of a garden walk carpeted with closely shaven grass and bordered with some rude and immature attempt at shrubbery.
Prediction is: there were of you roseplishes however and renumber of appetres probably that the sendence om those planted by the reverindo mister black stone the firt suddlr of the pinincilla that halt mithelogical personegesrerides thoug or arly anals ceaded on the backof a bal | actual is: there were a few rose bushes however and a number of apple trees probably the descendants of those planted by the reverend mister blackstone the first settler of the peninsula that half mythological personage who rides through our early annals seated on the back of a bull.
Prediction is: little peraln who was as greatly pleased with the gleming armer as he had been with the litering funtespiase of the house spent some time looking into the polished mer of the brestiplate | actual is: little pearl who was as greatly pleased with the gleaming armour as she had been with the glittering frontispiece of the house spent some time looking into the polished mirror of the breastplate.
Prediction is: has terprin wet one day to the mantion of govener beling ham with ap par of lovs wach she had fringed and em border to his orter and which were to be war nd on some grea iccasion of state for though the chances of a popul or lection had caused this former oar to desend  stepper to from the highastrank he still held an onerabl and imploental place among the collonial majistrercy | actual is: hester prynne went one day to the mansion of governor bellingham with a pair of gloves which she had fringed and embroidered to his order and which were to be worn on some great occasion of state for though the chances of a popular election had caused this former ruler to descend a step or two from the highest rank he still held an honourable and influential place among the colonial magistracy.
Prediction is: at that epic of pristens implecity however matters onf heven sligter public interst and e far las in trinsicwayt than the well far aphester and her chiled were strangely mext up with ha deliverations of lugislaters and acs of state | actual is: at that epoch of pristine simplicity however matters of even slighter public interest and of far less intrinsic weight than the welfare of hester and her child were strangely mixed up with the deliberations of legislators and acts of state.
Prediction is: theperiad was hardly if an all araliare than that of our storay when e disput concerning the right of property in appagt not only causd a perse and biter contest in the lugislate of body of the colony but resulted in an importain modification of the fran work itself of the legoslature | actual is: the period was hardly if at all earlier than that of our story when a dispute concerning the right of property in a pig not only caused a fierce and bitter contest in the legislative body of the colony but resulted in an important modification of the framework itself of the legislature.
Prediction is: and troth she seemed absolately hien behinda | actual is: in truth she seemed absolutely hidden behind it.
Prediction is: we hav spoken of pirls wrich undloxuriat beuty abeuaudy that shone withdep and vividtintce a bright complection eys posessing intensity both of dept and glow and heir already of the dep glosy broun and whics ind after years would be nearly akin to blact | actual is: we have spoken of pearl is rich and luxuriant beauty a beauty that shone with deep and vivid tints a bright complexion eyes possessing intensity both of depth and glow and hair already of a deep glossy brown and which in after years would be nearly akin to black.
Prediction is: firl seing the rosepihes began to cri woere a re drose and would not be passifid | actual is: pearl seeing the rose bushes began to cry for a red rose and would not be pacified.
Prediction is: on the table and tok en that the scentiment of old inglos hospitality had not be left behind stoo ar large puter tankerd at the bottom of which had hester r perl peped into it they mighthave seemed the frot the rumment of her reasif drafed of al | actual is: on the table in token that the sentiment of old english hospitality had not been left behind stood a large pewter tankard at the bottom of which had hester or pearl peeped into it they might have seen the frothy remnant of a recent draught of ale.
Prediction is: but intruth peral was the one as wellas the other and only and consequince of that idenity had hester centrive so perfictly to represent the scarnoo letter in her appearantce | actual is: but in truth pearl was the one as well as the other and only in consequence of that identity had hester contrived so perfectly to represent the scarlet letter in her appearance.
Prediction is: it was farther decuratd with strange and semingly caplas dic tfigurs and dia grans sutable to the quat taset of the age which havd been drwn in the stucko when newly lad on and had now growng hard and dorable for the abration of after times | actual is: it was further decorated with strange and seemingly cabalistic figures and diagrams suitable to the quaint taste of the age which had been drawn in the stucco when newly laid on and had now grown hard and durable for the admiration of after times.
Prediction is: the mother herself as if the red ignomonywere so deeply scorttun to her brain that all her coseptions a somnedits form had carefully rought out the similitud ladishing many hours of morebid ingunuity to grate an analigy betweng the object of her affaction and the emdlim of her guilt and torcure | actual is: the mother herself as if the red ignominy were so deeply scorched into her brain that all her conceptions assumed its form had carefully wrought out the similitude lavishing many hours of morbid ingenuity to create an analogy between the object of her affection and the emblem of her guilt and torture.
Prediction is: but the proprieter apearen al may to havere linquished as hopeless the efper to the petuaate on thessidef the atd landic in a hard soil and imid the clost strugle for subsistance the made af inglish tast for ornimental gardning | actual is: but the proprietor appeared already to have relinquished as hopeless the effort to perpetuate on this side of the atlantic in a hard soil and amid the close struggle for subsistence the native english taste for ornamental gardening.
Prediction is: lifting the eirn hamer that hong at the portl aster prin dave a sumons which was an wered by one of the gaveners bon servance afre born inglish man but now a seven years slafe | actual is: lifting the iron hammer that hung at the portal hester prynne gave a summons which was answered by one of the governor is bond servant a free born englishman but now a seven years slave.
Prediction is: it was the scarlat letter an another form the scar at letter in dowd with life | actual is: it was the scarlet letter in another form the scarlet letter endowed with life.
Prediction is: come therefore and lot a spling mut at them | actual is: come therefore and let us fling mud at them.
Prediction is: mother  cried she i s you here luk look | actual is: mother cried she i see you here look look.
Prediction is: with many ariations suggested by the nature of his buildig metarials diversity of climent and the diffrent mode of social life govenher beling him had pland his new havitation after the residences of gentemen of faras state in his nate iv land | actual is: with many variations suggested by the nature of his building materials diversity of climate and a different mode of social life governor bellingham had planned his new habitation after the residences of gentlemen of fair estate in his native land.
Prediction is: another and far more inportcaln dreason than the delivery of a pare of emvordrd globs and telled ester at this time to seak an iner vew with he corsonage of so much power andactivity in the afairs of the suddlement | actual is: another and far more important reason than the delivery of a pair of embroidered gloves impelled hester at this time to seek an interview with a personage of so much power and activity in the affairs of the settlement.
Prediction is: but pirl who was a dahntlwas child after frouning stapping her floot and saking her little hand with a veriety of threatning gustures sudenly made a rusht at the not of her unamies and put them al to flight | actual is: but pearl who was a dauntless child after frowning stamping her foot and shaking her little hand with a variety of threatening gestures suddenly made a rush at the knot of her enemies and put them all to flight.
Prediction is: she scramed an shouded to with a turific bal um ma sound which thoubt lust cause the harts of the fugudecs to quake within them | actual is: she screamed and shouted too with a terrific volume of sound which doubtless caused the hearts of the fugitives to quake within them.
Prediction is: yeu may not see his wore shop now | actual is: ye may not see his worship now.
Prediction is: whant shelly do with the mengos at the door they count sis and the singerias as god as nothing | actual is: what shall we do with the mingoes at the door they count six and this singer is as good as nothing.
Prediction is: the coning man as a fre tha his breathwa blow upon his brothers and take away their courrge to contine david and pruving the hend he receved they muststand for ther off | actual is: the cunning man is afraid that his breath will blow upon his brothers and take away their courage too continued david improving the hint he received they must stand further off.
Prediction is: uncous casti scan and steptd forth in his own beautiful proportions | actual is: uncas cast his skin and stepped forth in his own beautiful proportions.
Prediction is: delivered in a strong tone of a cent i nounse the gratification the savace wired ereceveand witnessing such a nexevition of weakness an an aenemy so long hated and so much fered | actual is: delivered in a strong tone of assent announced the gratification the savage would receive in witnessing such an exhibition of weakness in an enemy so long hated and so much feared.
Prediction is: well what ca no be done by man courage in ware must bedone by circonvention | actual is: well what can not be done by main courage in war must be done by circumvention.
Prediction is: if however they takeer sceup as i trusstin believe they will not depen don it uncisan i will not for get thedeed but revengeit is becuneg tru wariers intrusty fr ins | actual is: if however they take your scalp as i trust and believe they will not depend on it uncas and i will not forget the deed but revenge it as becomes true warriors and trusty friends.
Prediction is: wire the hurands heare his grons | actual is: will the hurons hear his groans.
Prediction is: not wash standing the high resolution of hocki he fuly compehand id al the difficulties and danger he was about so encur | actual is: notwithstanding the high resolution of hawkeye he fully comprehended all the difficulties and danger he was about to incur.
Prediction is: then heving a hevry si probably among the last he evere dru inpining fora condition he had so long abandand he added it is what i would wished to practis myself as one without a cross a blood thogitd as not allways easy do deal wih an indian as heu wold with a fillow qristion | actual is: then heaving a heavy sigh probably among the last he ever drew in pining for a condition he had so long abandoned he added it is what i would wish to practise myself as one without a cross of blood though it is not always easy to deal with an indian as you would with a fellow christian.
Prediction is: there wase someming in is air in the manner that vetrad to the scout the uther confusion of the stat of his mind | actual is: there was something in his air and manner that betrayed to the scout the utter confusion of the state of his mind.
Prediction is: he had no occasion to dolay for at the next instant a burst of cris filld the outer air nd ran along the whol estent of a vilage | actual is: he had no occasion to delay for at the next instant a burst of cries filled the outer air and ran along the whole extent of the village.
Prediction is: go les ou friend i do bele yoersend is not gratly ron when the matter is deuly consided and keepig aterity refore the eys thou much dopens on thenatural gifs in the force oftentation | actual is: god bless you friend i do believe your scent is not greatly wrong when the matter is duly considered and keeping eternity before the eyes though much depends on the natural gifts and the force of temptation.
Prediction is: i greatly more that one so well despose should di n his ignince and i have saute bridly him can you leved me to him | actual is: i greatly mourn that one so well disposed should die in his ignorance and i have sought a goodly hymn can you lead me to him.
Prediction is: he young man is invondage and much i fear his deathas acreed | actual is: the young man is in bondage and much i fear his death is decreed.
Prediction is: the bher shook his shagy sides and then a wellknon vois replied | actual is: the bear shook his shaggy sides and then a well known voice replied.
Prediction is: fore finef the latter only lengded about the door of the prison of uncas wary thut close observers of the maner of their captive | actual is: four or five of the latter only lingered about the door of the prison of uncas wary but close observers of the manner of their captive.
Prediction is: come come eturnd hock i uncasing his ronist countemencs the better to asure the wavering confidence of his companion you may se askin which if it be not as white has on of the gentl ons as notenseo red to at that the wins of the heaven in the sun hav not the stod now letus to business | actual is: come come returned hawkeye uncasing his honest countenance the better to assure the wavering confidence of his companion you may see a skin which if it be not as white as one of the gentle ones has no tinge of red to it that the winds of the heaven and the sun have not bestowed now let us to business.
Prediction is: if yoar not then noct on the headf yourl bing annon compossi wal protect yu and yi then hav a good reason to expect to ding ya bed | actual is: if you are not then knocked on the head your being a non composser will protect you and you will then have a good reason to expect to die in your bed.
Prediction is: mo he canstarted on isfeet an shiok a shady cove iing is though the animal he conner fitit was about to makesome desperteffort | actual is: the mohican started on his feet and shook his shaggy covering as though the animal he counterfeited was about to make some desperate effort.
Prediction is: the deller where dod he said leaning forward inpearing through the dim likhe to catch the expression of the other speatures is he affrad | actual is: the delaware dog he said leaning forward and peering through the dim light to catch the expression of the other is features is he afraid.
Prediction is: the ingenious hok i who re called the hasty manner in which the other had abendin his posed at the bed sigd of the sicwoman was not without his uspicions concerving the subject of so much sallondeliberation | actual is: the ingenious hawkeye who recalled the hasty manner in which the other had abandoned his post at the bedside of the sick woman was not without his suspicions concerning the subject of so much solemn deliberation.
Prediction is: on this ocupi ta disten corner an recining atitud beng rigudly bound both hands and feet by strong and painful wits | actual is: uncas occupied a distant corner in a reclining attitude being rigidly bound both hands and feet by strong and painful withes.
Prediction is: my peursues or peaceful whan my temper i humbly trust is greatly given to mercy an love returnd dayeit a little netl that so direct and attack on his manwood but there are non whou can say that i a ever forgot in my fait in the lord even in the greates strts | actual is: my pursuits are peaceful and my temper i humbly trust is greatly given to mercy and love returned david a little nettled at so direct an attack on his manhood but there are none who can say that i have ever forgotten my faith in the lord even in the greatest straits.
Prediction is: unchos who ad alreadyaproarched the door d readynestolyve the way now re corled an placed himself once moren the botnm of the lage | actual is: uncas who had already approached the door in readiness to lead the way now recoiled and placed himself once more in the bottom of the lodge.
Prediction is: ind his returned to the camp his acutam practesed into lics were intently ingaged indevizing means to counter acto watchplness ind suspicion on the part of his eneimies that he knew were aind no degree in feriour to his on | actual is: in his return to the camp his acute and practised intellects were intently engaged in devising means to counteract a watchfulness and suspicion on the part of his enemies that he knew were in no degree inferior to his own.
Prediction is: bravely in generously as he batdled in my the hafh and this an more wil i dare in his service | actual is: bravely and generously has he battled in my behalf and this and more will i dare in his service.
Prediction is: and otherwords whone he had amplicit fate in the ability of valem is asked to speek he was somewhat skeptaco on the subjictof a ber singing and ye at he had benasure of the latter on the testimoniy of his ownexquwasitd organs | actual is: in other words while he had implicit faith in the ability of balaam is ass to speak he was somewhat skeptical on the subject of a bear is singing and yet he had been assured of the latter on the testimony of his own exquisite organs.
Prediction is: sicurse for yourself to make arush or tary here | actual is: so choose for yourself to make a rush or tarry here.
Prediction is: hold sai davoid perceving that with this a shunce thy were about to levhim iaman un wore the an humble folloewer of one ho taht not tha demniable principle of revinge | actual is: hold said david perceiving that with this assurance they were about to leave him i am an unworthy and humble follower of one who taught not the damnable principle of revenge.
Prediction is: the login which oncous was conflined was in the very center of the village and in a situation perhaps more difficul tan andyother to approach orleve without observation | actual is: the lodge in which uncas was confined was in the very center of the village and in a situation perhaps more difficult than any other to approach or leave without observation.
Prediction is: the dellowars a children of the torters an me out strip the dear | actual is: the delawares are children of the tortoise and they outstrip the deer.
Prediction is: thetas wil not be difficuled return david hesitating though i greatly fer your presence would rather increase tha midigat his an hapy fortuns | actual is: the task will not be difficult returned david hesitating though i greatly fear your presence would rather increase than mitigate his unhappy fortunes.
Prediction is: they de back a little from the enterance and motion to the supposid conjura to enter | actual is: they drew back a little from the entrance and motioned to the supposed conjurer to enter.
Prediction is: then as of sat isfie of their safety dhe scout left his position and slowly entered the place | actual is: then as if satisfied of their safety the scout left his position and slowly entered the place.
Prediction is: the scout who had leftt davert at the door to asertain tey were not observed thought ad prudent to preserve his diskise andti a sured of their privecy | actual is: the scout who had left david at the door to ascertain they were not observed thought it prudent to preserve his disguise until assured of their privacy.
Prediction is: so onchus he d better take e leed whil wile put on the skie again ntrusst to cuning for wont of speed | actual is: so uncas you had better take the lead while i will put on the skin again and trust to cunning for want of speed.
Prediction is: but hoti who was to much occupied with as own thougts to not the movement continuds beakig more to himself into his companion | actual is: but hawkeye who was too much occupied with his own thoughts to note the movement continued speaking more to himself than to his companion.
Prediction is: a soon as these dispositions were made the scout turn to davthan eng gave in this parting instructions | actual is: as soon as these dispositions were made the scout turned to david and gave him his parting instructions.
Prediction is: can these things be returned davad breaving more freely as ta truth began to don upon him | actual is: can these things be returned david breathing more freely as the truth began to dawn upon him.
Prediction is: but the bere ind steadable baing mainetane of he seditd had taken and growd | actual is: but the bear instead of obeying maintained the seat it had taken and growled.
Prediction is: it was silade and gluomy beingtenented soly by the captive and lighted by the dine embers of a fire which ad been used for the purpoce of cukury | actual is: it was silent and gloomy being tenanted solely by the captive and lighted by the dying embers of a fire which had been used for the purposed of cookery.
Prediction is: keep silen his long as made be and itwuld be wis wen yheu do spek to brke out seddenly in on of yoer shoutins which wee serve to remind the indians that you are not altogether as responsible was men should beg | actual is: keep silent as long as may be and it would be wise when you do speak to break out suddenly in one of your shoutings which will serve to remind the indians that you are not altogether as responsible as men should be.
Prediction is: let us retrace aur steps and examon as we go with kener eys | actual is: let us retrace our steps and examine as we go with keener eyes.
Prediction is: chin gutch gook had cougt the look and motining withis hand he bad him speak | actual is: chingachgook had caught the look and motioning with his hand he bade him speak.
Prediction is: a circle of a few hundredfeetin serccome forence estdron and each of the party tok a segment for his portion | actual is: a circle of a few hundred feet in circumference was drawn and each of the party took a segment for his portion.
Prediction is: se said uncus pointing norththamselfh at the evident marks of the brod trail on ether side of him the darcar has don to ward the forest | actual is: see said uncas pointing north and south at the evident marks of the broad trail on either side of him the dark hair has gone toward the forest.
Prediction is: distrusing his own juchment his apperls to the apinonachinguth gro wer frequent ande ernest | actual is: distrusting his own judgment his appeals to the opinion of chingachgook were frequent and earnest.
Prediction is: the des were suffer to esale an ha sun had de sperse the mists and was sheitting a strong and cleer lighe in the forest whom the trales resuned their jorny | actual is: the dews were suffered to exhale and the sun had dispersed the mists and was shedding a strong and clear light in the forest when the travelers resumed their journey.
Prediction is: the eys of the whole party followed the unexpected movement and rether success in the air of trimh that they yutht a sond | actual is: the eyes of the whole party followed the unexpected movement and read their success in the air of triumph that the youth assumed.
Prediction is: afthe prorceeding af yew miles the probress of haki who led the advance be cime more deliberits and watchful | actual is: after proceeding a few miles the progress of hawkeye who led the advance became more deliberate and watchful.
Prediction is: yet herea we with in a shurd rang of he sterns and not a sine of a trail haverecrostd | actual is: yet here are we within a short range of the scaroons and not a sign of a trail have we crossed.
Prediction is: the whole party crowded to the spot were uncispointed out the impression of a mockison in the moiced o luvian | actual is: the whole party crowded to the spot where uncas pointed out the impression of a moccasin in the moist alluvion.
Prediction is: if a rock or  riviulet or bettiverth harter f an comen severed the links of the clu they folowed the truew i of the scout recovered the mat a distance and sel them rendered the delay of a sincle moment necessary | actual is: if a rock or a rivulet or a bit of earth harder than common severed the links of the clew they followed the true eye of the scout recovered them at a distance and seldom rendered the delay of a single moment necessary.
Prediction is: it would have been more wonderful hady spoken without a bitding | actual is: it would have been more wonderful had he spoken without a bidding.
Prediction is: since the periot of artal the acteve spirit of the country a suroundit it with a belt of richan driing settlments tron non but the hunter ore the savige es ever knowne ever now to penatrate its wiled recesses | actual is: since the period of our tale the active spirit of the country has surrounded it with a belt of rich and thriving settlements though none but the hunter or the savage is ever known even now to penetrate its wild recesses.
Prediction is: the examination however resulted an notdescovery | actual is: the examination however resulted in no discovery.
Prediction is: he often stoped to exam ind the tres nore tio he cossorevuet without atentively considering the quantity tih alocity and the color of its waters | actual is: he often stopped to examine the trees nor did he cross a rivulet without attentively considering the quantity the velocity and the color of its waters.
Prediction is: extinguishd brands were liing around th spriing the affls of a dear were scattered about the place and the trees bor evident marks of having been broused by the horses | actual is: extinguished brands were lying around a spring the offals of a deer were scattered about the place and the trees bore evident marks of having been browsed by the horses.
Prediction is: run back uncas indbringmy the size of the singersfoot | actual is: run back uncas and bring me the size of the singer is foot.
Prediction is: bakg me a roome of the shar of child quickly | actual is: beg me a room of the sheriff child quickly.
Prediction is: he as my eskquore excelency reternd roben wath tignity | actual is: he is my esquire excellency returned robin with dignity.
Prediction is: he gavely to the otheris very retdlly enetreated unprerceved by the squire and misteress fisuth to the rear of hattet | actual is: he gave way to the others very readily and retreated unperceived by the squire and mistress fitzooth to the rear of the tent.
Prediction is: the stromers tak their partenit with hartes as noat they hadsame chanceed beding of ther fhose | actual is: the strollers took their part in it with hearty zest now that they had some chance of beating off their foes.
Prediction is: it is e no sait jorgegame willsharply as he turned upon the croud | actual is: it is enough said george gamewell sharply and he turned upon the crowd.
Prediction is: jis find fr ouda tagold man answeretlelen sonaprintes | actual is: tis fine for you to talk old man answered the lean sullen apprentice.
Prediction is: and mine his wile stuptly sha we pbe comrancs | actual is: and mine is will stuteley shall we be comrades.
Prediction is: rovbed in the litle tumpler atween then trie to fore tes quire d stand back and very vallially tid theis twoo comport themseles | actual is: robin and the little tumbler between them tried to force the squire to stand back and very valiantly did these two comport themselves.
Prediction is: woll your forguedme now | actual is: will you forgive me now.
Prediction is: taki advantage of this dhesquires you men re dobled ther efferts and ancuredby robens in the vittle strover s cris tought therway to him | actual is: taking advantage of this the squire is few men redoubled their efforts and encouraged by robin is and the little stroller is cries fought their way to him.
Prediction is: he squire helpe o thrust them all lin an entered swifly himself | actual is: the squire helped to thrust them all in and entered swiftly himself.
Prediction is: like as not young master thou i am an old man | actual is: like as not young master though i am an old man.
Prediction is: na wevr freesd they request most poligtely most inimable sait tha little stroer | actual is: nay we refused their request most politely most noble said the little stroller.
Prediction is: this was sos wetodaty sir and an some batter i do think she did | actual is: this was so sweet a lady sir and in some manner i do think she died.
Prediction is: he felt for an foundhe was rithplack cloft the squire was quite ot af breath | actual is: he felt for and found the wizard is black cloth the squire was quite out of breath.
Prediction is: sistern now doyou het o these marbles | actual is: sister nell do you hear these marvels.
Prediction is: pray follow es with mind in my lord serofs men | actual is: pray follow us with mine and my lord sheriff is men.
Prediction is: ia like you will you hre the ssecond wil bhat i have metan lie with in todaies is there was signg in that | actual is: i like you will you are the second will that i have met and liked within two days is there a sign in that.
Prediction is: ropn was gld wen at light they ere lefto ther own de vices | actual is: robin was glad when at length they were left to their own devices.
Prediction is: spoke thes whirelus in alpation and it was te you that i geve a nher person consolition | actual is: spoke the squire losing all patience and it was to you that i gave another purse in consolation.
Prediction is: cilence you mave cried monpusha | actual is: silence you knave cried montfichet.
Prediction is: these escapats or not for old game wo lad his day has come to twie light | actual is: these escapades are not for old gamewell lad his day has come to twilight.
Prediction is: misteres ti to th ha ben tart of for the cherastdaughter and her made tos soo as they had enterd the heuls i that bropen a lon had the careof moc y sha | actual is: mistress fitzooth had been carried off by the sheriff is daughter and her maids as soon as they had entered the house so that robin alone had the care of montfichet.
Prediction is: crie of unoting ham un notig im | actual is: cries of a nottingham a nottingham.
Prediction is: and henry might return to ingaind at any moment | actual is: and henry might return to england at any moment.
Prediction is: not ang youn cassle was reech and inmidtins was demanded | actual is: nottingham castle was reached and admittance was demanded.
Prediction is: a mo be shary on mook by sha gan wiell to the rescu | actual is: a montfichet a montfichet gamewell to the rescue.
Prediction is: he began a confuced complant against the wiserd who atd vanish behind ta curtdae on the left | actual is: he began a confused complaint against the wizard who had vanished behind the curtain on the left.
Prediction is: now be silet ongo lis he bean but the captror aprente sat uppan insten chout | actual is: now be silent on your lives he began but the captured apprentice set up an instant shout.
Prediction is: but bi ressled with his follow and do know that he platd on fairily in ha secon beut | actual is: but i wrestled with this fellow and do know that he played unfairly in the second bout.
Prediction is: have your willd child it the boy al so willsitmut y sha answered felling two ill twropos aneting very strobly just then | actual is: have your will child if the boy also wills it montfichet answered feeling too ill to oppose anything very strongly just then.
Prediction is: before them flat the stroler in his thre sons caples in terified | actual is: before them fled the stroller and his three sons capless and terrified.
Prediction is: no thanks i amglad to give you such es yahapiness | actual is: no thanks i am glad to give you such easy happiness.
Prediction is: forth with alrandto the opeing of tae tent tosy what might be ad niss but master will who peped out first we did no moret and one glance | actual is: forthwith all ran to the opening of the tent to see what might be amiss but master will who peeped out first needed no more than one glance.
Prediction is: af golden fortion and i happy lif | actual is: a golden fortune and a happy life.
Prediction is: the headeon chief of the ihat the noting ham aeprentes with quench fis s hreatin montpeshay | actual is: the head and chief of the riot the nottingham apprentice with clenched fists threatened montfichet.
Prediction is: take ou alr plase ad let a see whah the crispl conshi to you | actual is: take your place and let us see what the crystal can show to you.
Prediction is: osol there was a streping page hreturned it to emade | actual is: also there was a stripling page who turned into a maid.
Prediction is: i in chiolyous am prtty triks | actual is: ay and show you some pretty tricks.
Prediction is: and then lay becin vextd an wold its nas tor a perstfromuss | actual is: and then they became vexed and would have snatched your purse from us.
Prediction is: he made en effert the high is condition from the mall and robend fult his fingers tihten upon his arm | actual is: he made an effort to hide his condition from them all and robin felt his fingers tighten upon his arm.
Prediction is: right willingly for betweenus we have one the behtl andswere propen | actual is: right willingly for between us we have won the battle answered robin.
Prediction is: ropin fitsu | actual is: robin fitzooth.
Prediction is: master monso the shur of of not ing ham was mightally pout about wen told of the riting | actual is: master monceux the sheriff of nottingham was mightily put about when told of the rioting.
Prediction is: so mit ded pushe tisfelow | actual is: so i did push this fellow.
Prediction is: but who ath is fellow puckn aterespeve | actual is: but who is this fellow plucking at your sleeve.
Prediction is: but than the pictur was gone as quickly as ata | actual is: but then the picture was gone as quickly as it came.
Prediction is: trusting open the proper entreanse of hatent roben suddly reshed forth with his birdent with a great chout | actual is: thrusting open the proper entrance of the tent robin suddenly rushed forth with his burden with a great shout.
Prediction is: i could not see my boy ingjerd excelense for but doing his dutaus one of coumbler and sons | actual is: i could not see my boy injured excellence for but doing his duty as one of cumberland is sons.
Prediction is: khihve not so earnes to mined to tbes mumery is child | actual is: give not so earnest a mind to these mummeries child.
Prediction is: yiu wol be no tisappoment to me | actual is: it will be no disappointment to me.
Prediction is: he was like  to my father ind away and hit was not my father | actual is: he was like unto my father in a way and yet was not my father.
Prediction is: what is that tomu an rigiting cried out the squire afthoritatively and he bluw qwhice on the sover wisso whachong tet his belt | actual is: what is the tumult and rioting cried out the squire authoritatively and he blew twice on a silver whistle which hung at his belt.
Prediction is: the windodcertaily bring bak the collar t thesquitre s cheeks | actual is: the wine did certainly bring back the color to the squire is cheeks.
Prediction is: you re were t y rea t will presently wispreropend the wint as work the marfl | actual is: you are a worthy leech will presently whispered robin the wine has worked a marvel.
Prediction is:  shemone you  sticinis cried he i blish for my fillows of noning him | actual is: shame on you citizens cried he i blush for my fellows of nottingham.
Prediction is: come to me men heter her he reased his voice to later | actual is: come to me men here here he raised his voice still louder.
Prediction is: mont y shake aled out fhor ropene to give him an arm | actual is: montfichet called out for robin to give him an arm.
Prediction is: joorged mont e sabwl never foget this day | actual is: george montfichet will never forget this day.
Prediction is: what as yo r name lordin aked the litle stroler presestly | actual is: what is your name lording asked the little stroller presently.
Prediction is: shorely wecansome it with good grace | actual is: surely we can submit with good grace.
Prediction is: it will not be saye for yo tostay heare now | actual is: it will not be safe for you to stay here now.
Prediction is: fr ans said mot be say fatly to the reslers therus escoarts o far s the shuros house | actual is: friends said montfichet faintly to the wrestlers bear us escort so far as the sheriff is house.
Prediction is: he was intdee confers with the clork and enter the hall holdyng him plyt the arn | actual is: he was in deep converse with the clerk and entered the hall holding him by the arm.
Prediction is: from the blckness behin the lhight they hear ta voice wore intens | actual is: from the blackness behind the light they heard a voice warrenton is.
Prediction is: now to bed boy | actual is: now to bed boy.
Prediction is: theyewere upon the virg if an open trap in the far corner of the het and stuntly at triped over the edgeof the revirst flot nouth of this pit | actual is: they were upon the verge of an open trap in the far corner of the hut and stuteley had tripped over the edge of the reversed flap mouth of this pit.
Prediction is: ti so t s hand restd at last upon the to rong of the latter and stoly the tru came to him | actual is: fitzooth is hand rested at last upon the top rung of a ladder and slowly the truth came to him.
Prediction is: roben entered the hoht tracgking the unrilling asquire after him | actual is: robin entered the hut dragging the unwilling esquire after him.
Prediction is: troly such of horse would be withmotch ind notting him fere | actual is: truly such a horse should be worth much in nottingham fair.
Prediction is: his toned raing pesitly un wontans years and forth with the good feloship was helded between them | actual is: his tones rang pleasantly on warrenton is ears and forthwith a good fellowship was heralded between them.
Prediction is: young fitsut had been commanded to his motheris chambersasoon is he had come out from his corvrs with a squire | actual is: young fitzooth had been commanded to his mother is chamber so soon as he had come out from his converse with the squire.
Prediction is: at last all was quiedan black an the qcortiart of game wel | actual is: at last all was quiet and black in the courtyard of gamewell.
Prediction is: will cried hesoftly and stotly who achosed his caultacros the door of his young masters champer sprang up at once and answer | actual is: will cried he softly and stuteley who had chosen his couch across the door of his young master is chamber sprang up at once in answer.
Prediction is:  stutly was by has siden the flaash and an they both begant fewling about them to asertain ha shap ind cariactr of this falt | actual is: stuteley was by his side in a flash and then they both began feeling about them to ascertain the shape and character of this vault.
Prediction is: save me masters but yous tartled me rarly | actual is: save me masters but you startled me rarely.
Prediction is: they regave theyr epartment epparntly without distorving the householed of game well | actual is: they regained their apartment apparently without disturbing the household of gamewell.
Prediction is: there be fell an anxious interif you mistrs tise s argyuin fore ing against tis quiter s project in the breath | actual is: there befell an anxious interview mistress fitzooth arguing for and against the squire is project in a breath.
Prediction is: but tiket rust i live and where monot be shas sheld in the days when my eyes con be rejoiyced by so bra esight for you wiol nerer discrce arsducton i warnt me | actual is: but take it whilst i live and wear montfichet is shield in the days when my eyes can be rejoiced by so brave a sight for you will neer disgrace our scutcheon i warrant me.
Prediction is: inquire roben with his uspicion stio upon him | actual is: enquired robin with his suspicions still upon him.
Prediction is: we will go ouc together to the bower ther is away down to the cortro my window | actual is: we will go out together to the bower there is a way down to the court from my window.
Prediction is: wil whis pergroban opening his dor s he spok are you ready | actual is: will whispered robin opening his door as he spoke are you ready.
Prediction is: yet he will teetd you a fuw trics wen woring his come | actual is: yet he will teach you a few tricks when morning is come.
Prediction is: rest and be still inti i warn you | actual is: rest and be still until i warn you.
Prediction is: they loved theire after caciously about the huht groping beforen about them to find something to show that the wont inad fa fill d his mission | actual is: they moved thereafter cautiously about the hut groping before and about them to find something to show that warrenton had fulfilled his mission.
Prediction is: presently he crose te florf his ruom with desideed step | actual is: presently he crossed the floor of his room with decided step.
Prediction is: tis late and i cgo myself with ain a shortis base | actual is: tis late and i go myself within a short space.
Prediction is: most of all wrog ben toughtf his father what wuld he countl | actual is: most of all robin thought of his father what would he counsel.
Prediction is: the ours passed wearely by and loe hit coul yet be heard about the hall | actual is: the hours passed wearily by and movement could yet be heard about the hall.
Prediction is: dis misster squire roben ad biednme goudein | actual is: dismiss your squire robin and bid me good e e n.
Prediction is: the lit a jhect am mend | actual is: the lad had checked him then.
Prediction is: there was no chansto alther hisleping rom to wone neer to game whels chamber | actual is: there was no chance to alter his sleeping room to one nearer to gamewell is chamber.
Prediction is: cried he raving the lanthered before into makture that thes were no gose and front of him | actual is: cried he waving the lanthorn before him to make sure that these were no ghosts in front of him.
Prediction is: da li  vorting antwered wornten with a half laph | actual is: nay nay lording answered warrenton with a half laugh.
Prediction is: t the old servent told himquietly as they cru back to gave werl hit his passige way led from the heuhtna pleasencs to shurwoad and that jeffery for the time was heihtingwith the outwas in the farest | actual is: the old servant told him quietly as they crept back to gamewell that this passage way led from the hut in the pleasance to sherwood and that geoffrey for the time was hiding with the outlaws in the forest.
Prediction is: yif fir wanm you begger your self i cannotstat you | actual is: if for a whim you beggar yourself i cannot stay you.
Prediction is: as any an england i wold say saisd kme will proply that iis in his day | actual is: as any in england i would say said gamewell proudly that is in his day.
Prediction is: roven carefully desendd the later and fount himself seon upon furm rocky ground | actual is: robin carefully descended the ladder and found himself soon upon firm rocky ground.
Prediction is: he impourses to be do sgreetis the gree ind this matter for insut his lifees in the hollow of ar hands | actual is: he implores us to be discreet as the grave in this matter for in sooth his life is in the hollow of our hands.
Prediction is: be not so fulish friend said fity of cosly | actual is: be not so foolish friend said fitzooth crossly.
Prediction is: ropend fitsyou with saw thit his doubts of warn ton had been onfair an h became ha shamedo himself for harplring them | actual is: robin fitzooth saw that his doubts of warrenton had been unfair and he became ashamed of himself for harboring them.
Prediction is: worintan spoke thus with segifficanse to show rothen that he was not to thinke jeffer s clamsdd to the estatewiy passed by | actual is: warrenton spoke thus with significance to show robin that he was not to think geoffrey is claims to the estate would be passed by.
Prediction is: they vhen renewt their jurny and under the better light ma to save cossing of the s table rooofs | actual is: they then renewed their journey and under the better light made a safe crossing of the stable roofs.
Prediction is: never thatser he hiad said | actual is: never that sir he had said.
Prediction is: e holk aliated on the ded branch and that upprite motionless as of surprised | actual is: the hawk alighted on the dead branch and sat upright motionless as if surprised.
Prediction is: in the spare he held himself townward to suon | actual is: in despair he hurled himself downward too soon.
Prediction is: but this frequeure of the hights of air for all his savige valer was trobld at th leaeping waes in the tosing fumon thys man rapnds he did not understand them | actual is: but this frequenter of the heights of air for all his savage valor was troubled at the leaping waves and the tossing foam of these mad rapids he did not understand them.
Prediction is: the last drop fly as tuck wuildhavit cuht jest in tacorner of the holkxs anwrly open beek hooking it self fimly | actual is: the last drop fly as luck would have it caught just in the corner of the hawk is angrily open beak hooking itself firmly.
Prediction is: like has unorturelal cousn the teo he two had felt a fe of det smiten ento hits heart and was heading despberly for the refu o some dack over haning bank deep frie woith beds wor the dreadful i have the ho should not docernd him | actual is: like his unfortunate little cousin the teal he too had felt the fear of death smitten into his heart and was heading desperately for the refuge of some dark overhanging bank deep fringed with weeds where the dreadful eye of the hawk should not discern him.
Prediction is: once faily aweng hiver he le al the mede back huridly for his purch | actual is: once fairly a wing however he wheeled and made back hurriedly for his perch.
Prediction is: woere the waes form instent sankat thay came cliser but not quited with in gras ing wech | actual is: where the waves for an instant sank they came closer but not quite within grasping reach.
Prediction is: all aboutim was a tomo of bright and broken coler scattered in brods blashes | actual is: all about him was a tumult of bright and broken color scattered in broad splashes.
Prediction is: conmen ev seemed tbat a trout of thiside wils a failis ofstanceal mel | actual is: it might have seemed that a trout of this size was a fairly substantial meal.
Prediction is: at the sudden sharpsting of it the great bird turned his head and noticed for the first time defichiommintestanding on the bank | actual is: at the sudden sharp sting of it the great bird turned his head and noticed for the first time the fisherman standing on the bank.
Prediction is: the cat grawd softly bicked up the pris in her jas and trotted inh the bushes to devour it | actual is: the cat growled softly picked up the prize in her jaws and trotted into the bushes to devour it.
Prediction is: the regan swor ha acrest et had if er desent dree black a brod color of lastrs whit black back blak and white wings white belly sides finly penslet and blackond light and thei brest of wrhich jest at read streetd with black | actual is: the merganser had a crested head of iridescent green black a broad collar of lustrous white black back black and white wings white belly sides finely pencilled in black and white and a breast of rich chestnut red streaked with black.
Prediction is: hisfeet were redd his long maror beak with it sal tus eges and shrup hooks tip was brlight read | actual is: his feet were red his long narrow beak with its saw toothed edges and sharp hooked tip was bright red.
Prediction is: but suddenly street and swiftd as a dieding corment he shot down in of the tornt and disappeared thene de cirface | actual is: but suddenly straight and swift as a diving cormorant he shot down into the torrent and disappeared beneath the surface.
Prediction is: the ho  sat upon the breanch and watched his quory swoing be fa serface | actual is: the hawk sat upon the branch and watched his quarry swimming beneath the surface.
Prediction is: strait way  the ho lided from his part and darded after him | actual is: straightway the hawk glided from his perch and darted after him.
Prediction is: as he fle his down wecin clecin tellends wer ot hapa gird obla tefugedites head | actual is: as he flew his down reaching clutching talons were not half a yard above the fugitive is head.
Prediction is: o most instinly les forse to the thop | actual is: almost instantly he was forced to the top.
Prediction is: but aed before the leeping wavs of the braate with two much for his porsuer and ouliblu t a flap his way onwa in a coued a thom ol do unglowabo his head gent hesitated to strik | actual is: but as before the leaping waves of the rapids were too much for his pursuer and he was able to flap his way onward in a cloud of foam while doom hung low above his head yet hesitated to strike.
Prediction is: the dragd upon his beak and the light checke upon his wings were an expicable tim and ap paling | actual is: the drag upon his beak and the light check upon his wings were inexplicable to him and appalling.
Prediction is: but a dispoint in the raped it was impossible for himdistay down | actual is: but at this point in the rapids it was impossible for him to stay down.
Prediction is: in fact he had justminishd it the lags of the chous till had just banage with a spasan downtis strande goht when the bable ho cat sid of him and swoped | actual is: in fact he had just finished it the last of the trout is tail had just vanished with a spasm down his strained gullet when the baffled hawk caught sight of him and swooped.
Prediction is: the hok inbited by the loss of his first quory and be come as doeet in percuvet as a leasl not to be shaking of or vated or deceved | actual is: the hawk embittered by the loss of his first quarry had become as dogged in pursuit as a weasel not to be shaken off or evaded or deceived.
Prediction is: but her ws at ateriable disabanage as compaed wouth the ols hoks and egls he had no rinding fon | actual is: but here he was at a terrible disadvantage as compared with the owls hawks and eagles he had no rending claws.
Prediction is: but such was his kenis that even whil the lied fleks of his engord do viktem wirstilsticking out of the cors of hi bek his fercewh red ees af wil once more appearing dowward in the betornt and sirch of frash pray | actual is: but such was his keenness that even while the wide flukes of his engorged victim were still sticking out at the corners of his beak his fierce red eyes were once more peering downward into the torrent in search of fresh prey.
Prediction is: the gret holk folled heurdly dwotreeve his prae rm the ground | actual is: the great hawk followed hurriedly to retrieve his prey from the ground.
Prediction is: he nholieder parted from the line | actual is: then the leader parted from the line.
Prediction is: e had alot of ine out and the place was nun two free for a long cast but he has impatient to droup his fies again on the spockt werth a big fhish wals speeting | actual is: he had a lot of line out and the place was none too free for a long cast but he was impatient to drop his flies again on the spot where the big fish was feeding.
Prediction is: doble nin two three elsan ar t dovbil noct yes lo it hat you haratio a aspeking | actual is: double nine two three elsinore double nine yes hallo is that you horatio hamlet speaking.
Prediction is: the dutcters o sot brige two lorregy oregi what di ou say | actual is: the duchess of southbridge to lord reggie oh reggie what did you say.
Prediction is: ind mhe old t badly made plad it was frquentle necessaryfl one of tbe cartrs to take the ardinence indoas compidencs | actual is: in the old badly made play it was frequently necessary for one of the characters to take the audience into his confidence.
Prediction is: and ba yu am you will of course aprechip hat the unnfintesincesis not only saive time but also makethe manew rin very mught moenatural | actual is: and there you are you will of course appreciate that the unfinished sentences not only save time but also make the manoeuvring very much more natural.
Prediction is: in is to et him it if that happen to we ting in wlo your character injilysmall dad pat fokin monggeus tane ther ort ever anaml is mots in keeping with the part and confie in his anmal such sators wope or secrecistry of the altats hescot to now  | actual is: it is to let hamlet if that happen to be the name of your character enter with a small dog pet falcon mongoose tame bear or whatever animal is most in keeping with the part and confide in this animal such sorrows hopes or secret history as the audience has got to know.
Prediction is: i went to get away from hat all swo | actual is: i want to get away from it all swoons.
Prediction is: lor john ta he ou gold sycor a case from his left hand upper wast cas pokit | actual is: lord john taking out gold cigarette case from his left hand upper waistcoat pocket.
Prediction is: i sae me as populare becar a pbro to the adims of the acturs eveng one cald chales hultry or ewing nars al wre abeble just leke youane | actual is: a stage meal is popular because it proves to the audience that the actors even when called charles hawtrey or owen nares are real people just like you and me.
Prediction is: and novls a hero has often puschis meals away untated but nostedsura would do inhetinse anatral of this | actual is: in novels the hero has often pushed his meals away untasted but no stage hero would do anything so unnatural as this.
Prediction is: i wont dobl nin plo | actual is: i want double nine hal lo.
Prediction is: te pleas a is ufclear impossibly | actual is: tea please matthews butler impassively.
Prediction is: how you maby wonderin one  t beginyur mojipiece | actual is: how you may be wondering are you to begin your masterpiece.
Prediction is: heis a wolcom figur at the gardin parties a the llect who wre alwys beate twen hurag him by septing freeeeats fo his plape acter mananger s nod to him and yers alovhem to contribus with out tied trohtsimposium in the pice of bolwals | actual is: he is a welcome figure at the garden parties of the elect who are always ready to encourage him by accepting free seats for his play actor managers nod to him editors allow him to contribute without charge to a symposium on the price of golf balls.
Prediction is: we lot is in the sinds forlet so beening | actual is: relapses into silence for the rest of the evening.
Prediction is: to wente ar made and we breghis cromeblond whittanair of great eaverness inded one filthat in welif beguestwend o clutch hot o e butmen and say haf a mold ch up i have at arly finished but the ageris better scobines | actual is: two bites are made and the bread is crumbled with an air of great eagerness indeed one feels that in real life the guest would clutch hold of the footman and say half a mo old chap i have not nearly finished but the actor is better schooled than this.
Prediction is: do be yu oar not to be that as the quession werth her two noblring the mind to suffor the slins and aros what no ham at speaking | actual is: to be or not to be that is the question whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows what no hamlet speaking.
Prediction is: not te ondict of thissobique if plain | actual is: now the object of this soliloquy is plain.
Prediction is: tennet lord tepany whil whane atbot otion | actual is: then lord tuppeny well what about auction.
Prediction is: any howid te joy exciting the i can it th bil on cal light | actual is: anyhow it is jolly exciting and i can do the dialogue all right.
Prediction is: le modernis heaversee the obserdity of it | actual is: we moderns however see the absurdity of it.
Prediction is: in the modernwelk constructed play he simply rings up an imaginarycin vitert antells inm what he has gong to do could anything be more natral | actual is: in the modern well constructed play he simply rings up an imaginary confederate and tells him what he is going to do could anything be more natural.
Prediction is: indeed e was lesioan men thecid of hett folaliqly aclover player coudit to som extent indicate behole firthe lin by a silege wrsin of the job but at the same time it would be itle to de ni that he would miss the finrershade of the dromiti s meind | actual is: indeed irresolution being the keynote of hamlet us soliloquy a clever player could to some extent indicate the whole thirty lines by a silent working of the jaw but at the same time it would be idle to deny that he would miss the finer shades of the dramatist is meaning.
Prediction is: limiar ear for tamnits anusial lery just what stagtepat is | actual is: lend me your ear for ten minutes and you shall learn just what stagecraft is.
Prediction is: i ghought a little idea for a play a but a mend and the woman nd anoth woman and bu per hapsa thatic eit the pot i secretd for the moment | actual is: i have got a little idea for a play about a man and a woman and another woman and but perhaps i would better keep the plot a secret for the moment.
Prediction is: do be ord not to be that is the quessing whether tos nobert | actual is: to be or not to be that is the question whether tis nobler.
Prediction is: we entrbutlher and thre fwotmen who move the tee things posis togest | actual is: re enter butler and three footmen who remove the tea things hostess to guest.
Prediction is: but it is the siclet which cheefuly has brock the moner grolet w its presenstat a prefection | actual is: but it is the cigarette which chiefly has brought the modern drama to its present state of perfection.
Prediction is: the wur bein easiwly afdiling it but it would not be the best wam for he eaving tatit is two ieaey to call atencien to haseft | actual is: this would be an easy way of doing it but it would not be the best way for the reason that it is too easy to call attention to itself.
Prediction is: the was the time t angrd is ummel ong e stange | actual is: then is the time to introduce a meal on the stage.
Prediction is: youvine the devl fied i one dobla nin alo is that you herratio hamrnt s beging | actual is: you gave me double five i want double nine hallo is that you horatio hamlet speaking.
Prediction is: but isuppos you said an fond of ritding my people awy say my tlates hoe har puto in of fer punch | actual is: but suppose you said i am fond of writing my people always say my letters home are good enough for punch.
Prediction is: la xpe pit me again this morning for the third time | actual is: larkspur bit me again this morning for the third time.
Prediction is: anter hammet with his fabre for hand | actual is: enter hamlet with his favourite boar hound.
Prediction is: as jhort he becomes aprommint fagur in on the drecity and if he is not careful some bhadty will sayso | actual is: in short he becomes a prominent figure in london society and if he is not careful somebody will say so.
Prediction is: and so one tle it to the end won a bey might say i yes or something non committle of tat sort | actual is: and so on till you get to the end when ophelia might say ah yes or something non committal of that sort.
Prediction is: inter lord onther fofines | actual is: enter lord arthur fluffinose.
Prediction is: hotis replacs rump end ing lins imntete phout over tray for moment bheen hento tay c up pacted brown insid tuste seeeng adentloman wlth the tees op en the uppersercle | actual is: hostess replaces lump and inclines empty teapot over tray for a moment then hands him a cup painted brown inside thus deceiving the gentleman with the telescope in the upper circle.
Prediction is: i say fte wondering amout this busines | actual is: i say i have been wondering about this business.
Prediction is: him to be or not tobe | actual is: ham to be or not to be.
Prediction is: lady lae birst her suddenly entrinse ortim | actual is: lady larkspur starts suddenly and turns towards him.
Prediction is: if it be granted first that the fhaults o e sert an carter should lenownedo the odiente and seconbly uta soilaque or the haeit of linking alound is an opposition to modernsdage tite tint how wshallasillow le be aboited without dan anghed to the play | actual is: if it be granted first that the thoughts of a certain character should be known to the audience and secondly that soliloquy or the habit of thinking aloud is in opposition to modern stage technique how shall a soliloquy be avoided without damage to the play.
Prediction is: but even the unseccessal drommahist has his moments | actual is: but even the unsuccessful dramatist has his moments.
Prediction is: be crowd an ders of leping the huro an harowin alonin mittle bistadg and beny cam agam | actual is: the crowd drifts off leaving the hero and heroine alone in the middle of the stage and then you can begin.
Prediction is: woitthe playmus be not meally a good play but i secceso one | actual is: your play must be not merely a good play but a successful one.
Prediction is: frintly i can on alway say | actual is: frankly i cannot always say.
Prediction is: and i should begin wer s shuort hommlly on so liliqre | actual is: and i should begin with a short homily on soliloquy.
Prediction is: ther was no man sir | actual is: there was no man sir.
Prediction is: in a few hour s the examination would commense and he was still and the delem of between making the fact public and aliwing the copered to compet for the io bescowlaship | actual is: in a few hours the examination would commence and he was still in the dilemma between making the facts public and allowing the culprit to compete for the valuable scholarship.
Prediction is: he was pacing swiftly uppand down his room | actual is: he was pacing swiftly up and down his room.
Prediction is: it wil be clear to you from what i have said that only you could have let t his young man out sins heu were left in the room and must have loke the door when nou wene out | actual is: it will be clear to you from what i have said that only you could have let this young man out since you were left in the room and must have locked the door when you went out.
Prediction is: it was simpul anouth sir if you only hadnon but with al your cleverness it was impossibletat you could now | actual is: it was simple enough sir if you only had known but with all your cleverness it was impossible that you could know.
Prediction is: it was the indian whos dark sio awadt apeared suddenly upon his blnd | actual is: it was the indian whose dark silhouette appeared suddenly upon his blind.
Prediction is: the indi an i aso thought nothing of | actual is: the indian i also thought nothing of.
Prediction is: he pout his sus on the table | actual is: he put his shoes on the table.
Prediction is: i think so you have form to comclusion | actual is: i think so you have formed a conclusion.
Prediction is: when i apeproach youaroom i exam in the window | actual is: when i approached your room i examined the window.
Prediction is: if mister some saw them the game was up | actual is: if mister soames saw them the game was up.
Prediction is: i wl hake the black lay with me alsof the pencl utings co by | actual is: i will take the black clay with me also the pencil cuttings good bye.
Prediction is: wey want to know mister gocris t ha you and hnerable man ever came to commit such ian action as that of yestrday | actual is: we want to know mister gilchrist how you an honourable man ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterday.
Prediction is: he is the one with the worshet recred | actual is: he is the one with the worst record.
Prediction is: and wene more the smorning | actual is: and one more this morning.
Prediction is: i havd a letter hear mister soms which i ro to you erly dhismorning in the ittloverestless night | actual is: i have a letter here mister soames which i wrote to you early this morning in the middle of a restless night.
Prediction is: jus close the dor said homes | actual is: just close the door said holmes.
Prediction is: comn coms aid home s kinly it is humen to air and t least no and cancusyou of being acalese crimital | actual is: come come said holmes kindly it is human to err and at least no one can accuse you of being a callous criminal.
Prediction is: he returned caring his jomping shos which aur provietad is you are where with several sharpes pikes | actual is: he returned carrying his jumping shoes which are provided as you are aware with several sharp spikes.
Prediction is: look ad that he hold out his hand | actual is: look at that he held out his hand.
Prediction is: i canod alla the examination to be held a one of the papers has bentampoered with the situation must be facet | actual is: i cannot allow the examination to be held if one of the papers has been tampered with the situation must be faced.
Prediction is: no harm woat have been don had ad not ben that as he passed your dor he perceive the ke whch hadben left by the carlesness of your cervent | actual is: no harm would have been done had it not been that as he passed your door he perceived the key which had been left by the carelessness of your servant.
Prediction is: you know him i think so | actual is: you know him i think so.
Prediction is: it is possible thit i may be in aposition then to indicate some course if action | actual is: it is possible that i may be in a position then to indicate some course of action.
Prediction is: a sudan impuse came over him to unter and see if they were indeed the pros | actual is: a sudden impulse came over him to enter and see if they were indeed the proofs.
Prediction is: nonaneis plese said homes as we not to go cris tor | actual is: no names please said holmes as we knocked at gilchrist is door.
Prediction is: on the pom wereh threalittleparimats of black doly claay | actual is: on the palm were three little pyramids of black doughy clay.
Prediction is: welled do n teble tancwer listen and see that i do you know anjustis | actual is: well well do not trouble to answer listen and see that i do you no injustice.
Prediction is: the setof rooms as quite the oldest in the colage and it is not unusual fror visiters to go over them | actual is: this set of rooms is quite the oldest in the college and it is not unusual for visitors to go over them.
Prediction is: my friend ded not a peare to be depressed by his fillr bet trud ti sholdes an half humerous resigation | actual is: my friend did not appear to be depressed by his failure but shrugged his shoulders in half humorous resignation.
Prediction is: for a momant gocrese with aprased hand trye the contral his riding fetures | actual is: for a moment gilchrist with upraised hand tried to control his writhing features.
Prediction is: theis vary imporden s and homs | actual is: that is very important said holmes.
Prediction is: he could exa inthe papers ind his own office | actual is: he could examine the papers in his own office.
Prediction is: his trubled ble eyes glast at each ofus and findly rested with an expression of blink dismay upon banister in the firther corter | actual is: his troubled blue eyes glanced at each of us and finally rested with an expression of blank dismay upon bannister in the farther corner.
Prediction is: he could hardly stand still so grat was his mental agitation and he ran towrds homs with two eger hands out stretched think havd n tha yu have come | actual is: he could hardly stand still so great was his mental agitation and he ran towards holmes with two eager hands outstretched thank heaven that you have come.
Prediction is: why  banister the servent whancs his game in the mater | actual is: why bannister the servant what is his game in the matter.
Prediction is: to mar was he examination | actual is: to morrow is the examination.
Prediction is: noos sir certenly not | actual is: no sir certainly not.
Prediction is: if this matter is not to be come public we must gev ourselvf sirtan powers and resald ourselves into a small privid cort marcial | actual is: if this matter is not to become public we must give ourselves certain powers and resolve ourselves into a small private court martial.
Prediction is: yes my dear lots and i have sovf the mistery | actual is: yes my dear watson i have solved the mystery.
Prediction is: had i til to tuth mister gogrist | actual is: have i told the truth mister gilchrist.
Prediction is: he impressed me as beng a perfict lynist man | actual is: he impressed me as being a perfectly honest man.
Prediction is: when we wereoud in the darkness of the qua drangle we again looed up at the windowse | actual is: when we were out in the darkness of the quadrangle we again looked up at the windows.
Prediction is: no en lest thn that would have a chance | actual is: no one less than that would have a chance.
Prediction is: i entered and i took yu into my confidence as to thi stjestions of the side table | actual is: i entered and i took you into my confidence as to the suggestions of the side table.
Prediction is: suddenly he heard him at the very dooor there was no possibleas gape | actual is: suddenly he heard him at the very door there was no possible escape.
Prediction is: gloves said the young man | actual is: gloves said the young man.
Prediction is: no god my dor watson | actual is: no good my dear watson.
Prediction is: of course he did not realie that it was ey who was noking but non the less his conduct was veryun curtiason indeed und or the circumstanc es rotheri spicious | actual is: of course he did not realize that it was i who was knocking but none the less his conduct was very uncourteous and indeed under the circumstances rather suspicious.
Prediction is: you o sine to realays ae position | actual is: you do not seem to realize the position.
Prediction is: the fe nous fellowat the tup | actual is: the foul mouthed fellow at the top.
Prediction is: and they re all in for this exemination yes | actual is: and they are all in for this examination yes.
Prediction is: whatis an not have al was done you an enjustice their are others | actual is: watson i have always done you an injustice there are others.
Prediction is: as homestrer the curtan i was awar from some little reginity and an allerness of his atitu that he was prepared for n imergiancy | actual is: as holmes drew the curtain i was aware from some little rigidity and alertness of his attitude that he was prepared for an emergency.
Prediction is: you hav en seein any of them no sir | actual is: you have not seen any of them no sir.
Prediction is: did any wene no that these provfes would bether no onsave the printer | actual is: did anyone know that these proofs would be there no one save the printer.
Prediction is: only for aminet our so | actual is: only for a minute or so.
Prediction is: as ae motter  fact he could not said soms fr  entered by the side door | actual is: as a matter of fact he could not said soames for i entered by the side door.
Prediction is: i dee not go saf faas that but of the thre he is perhaps the least un lekly | actual is: i dare not go so far as that but of the three he is perhaps the least unlikely.
Prediction is: i averelli onothink kam knew much aboud it mister homes | actual is: i really do not think he knew much about it mister holmes.
Prediction is: i was holpping that f the papero which he brod was thin som tracid it might come through upon this polish servis no i see nothing | actual is: i was hoping that if the paper on which he wrote was thin some trace of it might come through upon this polished surface no i see nothing.
Prediction is: the profh was in thre long slips i had left hm all together | actual is: the proof was in three long slips i had left them all together.
Prediction is: let i seet his spisions i wilok aftr the proofs | actual is: let us hear the suspicions i will look after the proofs.
Prediction is: any on the room could get out yes ser | actual is: anyone in the room could get out yes sir.
Prediction is: i will en dever in my state men to a vood such terms as woth served ho limit the evence to any ticular place or gve a clu as to the people concerned | actual is: i will endeavour in my statement to avoid such terms as would serve to limit the events to any particular place or give a clue as to the people concerned.
Prediction is: without his scrapos his cemmacales an his homely antidiness he was n ancomfreible man | actual is: without his scrapbooks his chemicals and his homely untidiness he was an uncomfortable man.
Prediction is: the only do pi it which existed sof far as i knew was that which belong to my servent banister a man wh has looked after my room fortenyears and was honesty is absolutely above suspicion | actual is: the only duplicate which existed so far as i knew was that which belonged to my servant bannister a man who has looked after my room for ten years and whose honesty is absolutely above suspicion.
Prediction is: one could hardly hope for any uponso dry day | actual is: one could hardly hope for any upon so dry a day.
Prediction is: what could heu do he cougt up every thing which would bictrea him an he rushed in to yor begon to consel himself | actual is: what could he do he caught up everything which would betray him and he rushed into your bedroom to conceal himself.
Prediction is: my friends temper had not improved since he had ben deprived of the conginial suroundings afe baker street | actual is: my friend is temper had not improved since he had been deprived of the congenial surroundings of baker street.
Prediction is: you left hima chare you say which chair by the window ther | actual is: you left him in a chair you say which chair by the window there.
Prediction is: i understanded to say that there ar threestoon toe yus thes star and ar n the hapbit of passing your door yis ther aer | actual is: i understand you to say that there are three students who use this stair and are in the habit of passing your door yes there are.
Prediction is: om sernd away and stupe to suddenly to the floor hawlo wht ias thes | actual is: holmes turned away and stooped suddenly to the floor halloa what is this.
Prediction is: the tardaf was that some one passing haobserve thiky in the door had nown that i was out and had entered to looef the papers | actual is: the alternative was that someone passing had observed the key in the door had known that i was out and had entered to look at the papers.
Prediction is: did you looet thise papers on the table | actual is: did you look at these papers on the table.
Prediction is: i had to reten over carefully as the texst must be absaluely courect | actual is: i had to read it over carefully as the text must be absolutely correct.
Prediction is: than he approached it and standing untipto with is nat crand he luoked into the room | actual is: then he approached it and standing on tiptoe with his neck craned he looked into the room.
Prediction is: the tol floore blongs to mas te clarn | actual is: the top floor belongs to miles mc laren.
Prediction is: the man entered and took the papers shed by shet from the sential table | actual is: the man entered and took the papers sheet by sheet from the central table.
Prediction is: above wer three stodns wone onah story | actual is: above were three students one on each story.
Prediction is: abofh ll things i desared to settl ta mater cquiredlyand discreetly | actual is: above all things i desire to settle the matter quietly and discreetly.
Prediction is: hom sae at out on his open pam in the glar of the alecter ligt | actual is: holmes held it out on his open palm in the glare of the electric light.
Prediction is: mi stalin has bee lefte very por but he his heard working an indestrous he will do well | actual is: my scholar has been left very poor but he is hard working and industrious he will do well.
Prediction is: i was n such a hury t o come to you you left you door open | actual is: i was in such a hurry to come to you you left your door open.
Prediction is: he was in the mdst of that when o return caused hom to make a very her ratoretret very hurid since he had not time to replace the papers which would tell you that he had been ne | actual is: he was in the midst of that when your return caused him to make a very hurried retreat very hurried since he had not time to replace the papers which would tell you that he had been there.
Prediction is: by haviccasially then the same thing at other times | actual is: but i have occasionally done the same thing at other times.
Prediction is: hone harhthe likes to thro suspicion weae ther are no pros | actual is: one hardly likes to throw suspicion where there are no proofs.
Prediction is: so it sems to me | actual is: so it seems to me.
Prediction is: i had al was known him to be resless in his manner but on this piticular accasion he was in such astat of un contrbeagtation tha was clear something very anusual had accurd | actual is: i had always known him to be restless in his manner but on this particular occasion he was in such a state of uncontrollable agitation that it was clear something very unusual had occurred.
Prediction is: how longwia a takend to do tha using eve ry possible contraction the corter an our notless | actual is: how long would it take him to do that using every possible contraction a quarter of an hour not less.
Prediction is: coms held out a small ship with the letters ant en and the space of clear wouold after them you see | actual is: holmes held out a small chip with the letters n n and a space of clear wood after them you see.
Prediction is: he was tll suffering from the sudden disterbans of the qui retin of his life | actual is: he was still suffering from this sudden disturbance of the quiet routine of his life.
Prediction is: i was absent  ather mor that an hour | actual is: i was absent rather more than an hour.
Prediction is: to the best of myblli theyewerewold up | actual is: to the best of my belief they were rolled up.
Prediction is: then he tosd ad down an sezed the next | actual is: then he tossed it down and seized the next.
Prediction is: i gave him eitaebrandynleft him collaped in tha charibl i mathemost carefulexammatio of the rom | actual is: i gave him a little brandy and left him collapsed in a chair while i made a most careful examination of the room.
Prediction is: now mistersomes at yur sposl | actual is: now mister soames at your disposal.
Prediction is: not oly this buton the table i found a small ball of black do r clay with specs of something which looed mike sadusd i it | actual is: not only this but on the table i found a small ball of black dough or clay with specks of something which looks like sawdust in it.
Prediction is: there is no opening except the one paning said ar leurned guid | actual is: there is no opening except the one pane said our learned guide.
Prediction is: the momentdi loke a my table i was awar that someon had romage am ong my papers | actual is: the moment i looked at my table i was aware that someone had rummaged among my papers.
Prediction is: how cam you to le v the ke in the door | actual is: how came you to leave the key in the door.
Prediction is: oi would not veentue to sa sir | actual is: oh i would not venture to say sir.
Prediction is: i am afraid theire no signds here said he | actual is: i am afraid there are no signs here said he.
Prediction is: mister samas was somemont of ar welmd by this flot of information | actual is: mister soames was somewhat overwhelmed by this flood of information.
Prediction is: a brok en tip of lad was ling their also | actual is: a broken tip of lead was lying there also.
Prediction is: odo be came a bit uneasy at this for he had already put quie a loe of the clevernmis pouwter in the dish but he dared none inter fear ind si he comeforted himself with the thought that one can not have two much cleverness | actual is: ojo became a bit uneasy at this for he had already put quite a lot of the cleverness powder in the dish but he dared not interfere and so he comforted himself with the thought that one cannot have too much cleverness.
Prediction is: she pord inti the ditiaquanity from each of these bottles | actual is: she poured into the dish a quantity from each of these bottles.
Prediction is: oh gin is and an this carious contribens woash wonder | actual is: ojo examined this curious contrivance with wonder.
Prediction is: he sollected a small gole bottle withta pever bocks top so thet the pouder might be springled on any object thoh the small hols | actual is: he selected a small gold bottle with a pepper box top so that the powder might be sprinkled on any object through the small holes.
Prediction is: iam no aloud o before magjic except for my own amusement he told his visiters as he lighted a pit when he cokenstem ad began to smoke | actual is: i am not allowed to perform magic except for my own amusement he told his visitors as he lighted a pipe with a crooked stem and began to smoke.
Prediction is: she rand o here hous been side at once and helps in life the for canales from the fire | actual is: she ran to her husband is side at once and helped him lift the four kettles from the fire.
Prediction is: the head of the pathuware girl was the most curious part of her | actual is: the head of the patchwork girl was the most curious part of her.
Prediction is: tois idt a aes wouse to be a humbogha new no matic ot al has ben taking lessons of glinda and humtolthe as netingto be ofprettyn goo wised but hes mealy the assistent to the great sorceros | actual is: the wizard of oz who used to be a humbug and knew no magic at all has been taking lessons of glinda and i am told he is getting to be a pretty good wizard but he is merely the assistant of the great sorceress.
Prediction is: it trunly is a sereod the magition | actual is: it truly is asserted the magician.
Prediction is: mogolot had first made the girls form from the patch wore quild and then she had dresed it with h patch wok scort and an apen with pokets in it easing the same da matarial threg wout | actual is: margolotte had first made the girl is form from the patchwork quilt and then she had dressed it with a patchwork skirt and an apron with pockets in it using the same gay material throughout.
Prediction is: no if fog i o about the bras exclaimed the woman | actual is: no i forgot all about the brains exclaimed the woman.
Prediction is: their contens ad ove woiled away leving in the bonem on each cetl a few grans of fine white pouder | actual is: their contents had all boiled away leaving in the bottom of each kettle a few grains of fine white powder.
Prediction is: no on saw hido tis for all were looking at the poutor of life but soon the woman wre memberd whart she had been doing and came backt io the cobared | actual is: no one saw him do this for all were looking at the powder of life but soon the woman remembered what she had been doing and came back to the cupboard.
Prediction is: i thing that will don she contiued for the other qualilys ad not netid in th servant | actual is: i think that will do she continued for the other qualities are not needed in a servant.
Prediction is: asked the voice inscornful accence | actual is: asked the voice in scornful accents.
Prediction is: tgold is the most comon mettlw in te land of as and is used for many purpoces becaus it disoft inpliable | actual is: gold is the most common metal in the land of oz and is used for many purposes because it is soft and pliable.
Prediction is: well that may be tru agreed margeloct bt on the contury as servit wath to much brans as sure to be come in thepindent ind high ind lity and feel abov her work | actual is: well that may be true agreed margolotte but on the contrary a servant with too much brains is sure to become independent and high and mighty and feel above her work.
Prediction is: de me won o chader bok torgitning to be yunk e not him egitions who was plased with the onplment | actual is: dear me what a chatterbox you are getting to be unc remarked the magician who was pleased with the compliment.
Prediction is: mose people taulpt to much so ays ar elieve to find on he tolks to little | actual is: most people talk too much so it is a relief to find one who talks too little.
Prediction is: very carefuly the magistiong reremove this powter placeing it all together in agold in dish where he next it with a gold and spone | actual is: very carefully the magician removed this powder placing it all together in a golden dish where he mixed it with a golden spoon.
Prediction is: the hair was a brown yorng iand hung down on her nackin sarl net brs | actual is: the hair was of brown yarn and hung down on her neck in several neat braids.
Prediction is: i know us them ason imental stactuary in my godon | actual is: i now use them as ornamental statuary in my garden.
Prediction is: the eti ofve thelan the great charder of toloration ha confromed to each individual of the roman world the priviligan chusing and professing his own religion | actual is: the edict of milan the great charter of toleration had confirmed to each individual of the roman world the privilege of choosing and professing his own religion.
Prediction is: some obhe pinal regulations were coppied fro he unic s ond dieclation and this men ofe conversion weth aplaeed by the same biships who hud feled the hand of a pcrassion and pleted for the rights of he manmity | actual is: some of the penal regulations were copied from the edicts of diocletian and this method of conversion was applauded by the same bishops who had felt the hand of oppression and pleaded for the rights of humanity.
Prediction is: constant in eviely belived wit the haritics who prosons to di speed his opinions or t w o pose his commans or bulty of the mostan sird and criminal obstinacy and thet er sesiabl aplication of maderos sevarities might sayv tils un happy mhen from the danger of an ever lasting condination | actual is: constantine easily believed that the heretics who presumed to dispute his opinions or to oppose his commands were guilty of the most absurd and criminal obstinacy and that a seasonable application of moderate severities might save those unhappy men from the danger of an everlasting condemnation.
Prediction is: they assorded wt confidence and al motk of exultation that the outpe stoncal succession was intrelupted that all the bisirps of thep and asa wre in fected by the contasion of gils inskisem and that the poogitas of tae tahac churgt wee confined to the chos in portion of the aicin belevers fho alon had presorved inviol it the integuray of ther faite and disiplen | actual is: they asserted with confidence and almost with exultation that the apostolical succession was interrupted that all the bishops of europe and asia were infected by the contagion of guilt and schism and that the prerogatives of the catholic church were confined to the chosen portion of the african believers who alone had preserved inviolate the integrity of their faith and discipline.
Prediction is: the greatful aplaus of the clorigy has cossicrat od the memory of a prins who induldgdo their passions and promoded their intrest | actual is: the grateful applause of the clergy has consecrated the memory of a prince who indulged their passions and promoted their interest.
Prediction is: but this inest a mable privslage were seon vilated with eknolenge of trus the emperr nbided te maxtons af persecution and the seps which desentedg fron the caflic church were aflicted and epresstd by thetriu from cristienity | actual is: but this inestimable privilege was soon violated with the knowledge of truth the emperor imbibed the maxims of persecution and the sects which dissented from the catholic church were afflicted and oppressed by the triumph of christianity.
Prediction is: proscride whare the simgl anplee iacticble powers of the empire the domintest still maintainding some probinces preticunally in the midia ther s ofperiyor numbers and for hunden bishiop sicknowlge the jeristitun of theire pri ate | actual is: proscribed by the civil and ecclesiastical powers of the empire the donatists still maintained in some provinces particularly in numidia their superior numbers and four hundred bishops acknowledged the jurisdiction of their primate.
Prediction is: thiships vogons and even spotleus infence wer subdectinto the dis grace of apoblict pennence be fore they coud be admideed to the conunon of the domitests | actual is: bishops virgins and even spotless infants were subjected to the disgrace of a public penance before they could be admitted to the communion of the donatists.
Prediction is: ar one ten stod a great fire place in which ha ble long was blazing with a bl flame and over the fire hung for catles in t a rol all bubling in steamning at a great rat | actual is: at one end stood a great fireplace in which a blue log was blazing with a blue flame and over the fire hung four kettles in a row all bubbling and steaming at a great rate.
Prediction is: no one would distured their little house even if any one came so far into the thick fors whil they r gon | actual is: no one would disturb their little house even if anyone came so far into the thick forest while they were gone.
Prediction is: then they started on again and two hours lat er came insight of the houseofd docterpipt | actual is: then they started on again and two hours later came in sight of the house of doctor pipt.
Prediction is: he wor ble sol stappings luny pans wen god rucls a blu rufhl wast and ajacken an bright bl braitin with gold | actual is: he wore blue silk stockings blue knee pants with gold buckles a blue ruffled waist and a jacket of bright blue braided with gold.
Prediction is: yet that task was tot so usy is you ma suppose | actual is: yet that task was not so easy as you may suppose.
Prediction is: whe had come from the fireloliy aplace than this alo ner place | actual is: we have come from a far lonelier place than this a lonelier place.
Prediction is: when they were outside on simply lachd the door in startend op the path | actual is: when they were outside unc simply latched the door and started up the path.
Prediction is: a bed cuilt made ov patches ofd different kimes and colers of cla on letle so together | actual is: a bed quilt made of patches of different kinds and colors of cloth all neatly sewed together.
Prediction is: it takes me serval years to make this magic powd im be af thise moend i ampolesed to sayd is nearly don you see i am making it for y good wife moge lot whe once to you som on it for a purpers of harrone | actual is: it takes me several years to make this magic powder but at this moment i am pleased to say it is nearly done you see i am making it for my good wife margolotte who wants to use some of it for a purpose of her own.
Prediction is: yous he ever don my lif lr bout lon ke the silit one and the was no an e coun te any thin | actual is: you see i have lived all my life with unc nunkie the silent one and there was no one to tell me anything.
Prediction is: all the morning they truged up themountan path and it knon on an ow jo sat on a fallen tree tronk and at the last of the brad which the old munghd im had place in his pocket | actual is: all the morning they trudged up the mountain path and at noon unc and ojo sat on a fallen tree trunk and ate the last of the bread which the old munchkin had placed in his pocket.
Prediction is: but first i was hel ou tit from many years i have long for a servant to heat me with a housework and to co the menwas and warsh the bithes | actual is: but first i will tell you that for many years i have longed for a servant to help me with the housework and to cook the meals and wash the dishes.
Prediction is: i think i must show you myg pach were girl said marbelot lathing a he boiysostongsment an she is rather difticul to explaing | actual is: i think i must show you my patchwork girl said margolotte laughing at the boy is astonishment for she is rather difficult to explain.
Prediction is: at the enmald cidy were al princes as inelives gren is a popu lecowlor | actual is: at the emerald city where our princess ozma lives green is the popular color.
Prediction is: he knew it would take into the house of the cooked majition whom he had never seen but whe was their nearous neghboer | actual is: he knew it would take them to the house of the crooked magician whom he had never seen but who was their nearest neighbor.
Prediction is: the first not we tected on our glas hat which not only began to lif bhat has lied eversince | actual is: the first lot we tested on our glass cat which not only began to live but has lived ever since.
Prediction is: and mifrint i do not no much atb out the main dof as | actual is: i am afraid i do not know much about the land of oz.
Prediction is: at the fort of the mountain it seprated the country of the munghtkins from the country of the gilocins the path devided | actual is: at the foot of the mountain that separated the country of the munchkins from the country of the gillikins the path divided.
Prediction is: you must kno said markgalot when they werelseted together on the brod windowseet tfoh my husbone foisualy gave away ol the potrof life he first made to old monbe ver which who usedtolev en the con try of th ginlicins to the noiyh af her | actual is: you must know said margolotte when they were all seated together on the broad window seat that my husband foolishly gave away all the powder of life he first made to old mombi the witch who used to live in the country of the gillikins to the north of here.
Prediction is: i will show you whad a go job b ydid and she went to ith all covered and throw opein the doors | actual is: i will show you what a good job i did and she went to a tall cupboard and threw open the doors.
Prediction is: instad of sos the old man wore bots with turnover tops and his blcotd had wine cos of gold brad | actual is: instead of shoes the old man wore boots with turnover tops and his blue coat had wide cuffs of gold braid.
Prediction is: when i foudet i said to myself that i would doniecly for my sevin girl for when she was rough to livfe she wuld not be proed nor haty as the glast had irs for suc ta dridful mixtur of coders wore discordher fromtiine to be as dignifie as the bl munch ien dar | actual is: when i found it i said to myself that it would do nicely for my servant girl for when she was brought to life she would not be proud nor haughty as the glass cat is for such a dreadful mixture of colors would discourage her from trying to be as dignified as the blue munchkins are.
Prediction is: unconotea the dooro the house ind o choby pleasent faicedt woman drest all wan blo opened it and greaet of the risiters with a smile | actual is: unc knocked at the door of the house and a chubby pleasant faced woman dressed all in blue opened it and greeted the visitors with a smile.
Prediction is: the woman seeme thoughtful | actual is: the woman seemed thoughtful.
Prediction is: i an mydear and allstrangers ar weceme to my ho | actual is: i am my dear and all strangers are welcome to my home.
Prediction is: oyol had never eten such a fine meal in al his life | actual is: ojo had never eaten such a fine meal in all his life.
Prediction is: his had hav a peked cround win the flat brim and around the brin wash a ro ad time he goldind bells tha tinkled when hemoved | actual is: his hat had a peaked crown and a flat brim and around the brim was a row of tiny golden bells that tinkled when he moved.
Prediction is: and you must be od o the ar moky she addered | actual is: and you must be ojo the unlucky she added.
Prediction is: sometimes it is calld a cras quilt because the pathes andcolors ar so nikset up | actual is: sometimes it is called a crazy quilt because the patches and colors are so mixed up.
Prediction is: for a long time he had wish to explore the beautefuland o as ind which they loved | actual is: for a long time he had wished to explore the beautiful land of oz in which they lived.
Prediction is: theyr chavling replied ojo and we stap ng your helse jist te rest hn he fres urselves | actual is: we are traveling replied ojo and we stopped at your house just to rest and refresh ourselves.
Prediction is: that his one reasing you re ogo lhe unlucki said the woman in simpithete tone | actual is: that is one reason you are ojo the unlucky said the woman in a sympathetic tone.
Prediction is: ithink the next glass cat ta madition makes whil have ni their braings nore heart for then it will not of ject to chaching lize and mha proom of so used to es | actual is: i think the next glass cat the magician makes will have neither brains nor heart for then it will not object to catching mice and may prove of some use to us.
Prediction is: i think all who whath lovfed me in their harts wi thanks and love from mine | actual is: i thank all who have loved me in their hearts with thanks and love from mine.
Prediction is: that was the crisene of lon which loves own cround witch sank to fine sweenes did peceded the thired upon my lis was fold te down in perfect purpl sta since wen inde i have been pcroud ind said my loe my o | actual is: that was the chrism of love which love is own crown with sanctifying sweetness did precede the third upon my lips was folded down in perfect purple state since when indeed i have been proud and said my love my own.
Prediction is: if he to keep on o must leas one joy by his lihfs star for tod | actual is: if he to keep one oath must lose one joy by his life is star foretold.
Prediction is: deresetd teach me so topor out cgratitud as thou dustgoit | actual is: dearest teach me so to pour out gratitude as thou dost good.
Prediction is: i did not rong myself so but  placed arong on be | actual is: i did not wrong myself so but i placed a wrong on thee.
Prediction is: i luve te with a loveby seened to le with my lost sas i love tbe with the breath smils t hers of al man lif and if god ches i shald but love te better after dath | actual is: i love thee with a love i seemed to lose with my lost saints i love thee with the breath smiles tears of all my life and if god choose i shall but love thee better after death.
Prediction is: goul it men to last a love sat penderus between sorow an soro | actual is: could it mean to last a love set pendulous between sorrow and sorrow.
Prediction is: a ring of aifist i could not where here plainer to my siht then that first cas | actual is: a ring of amethyst i could not wear here plainer to my sight than that first kiss.
Prediction is: i love be frely is men strie for rit i lov epurdly as they turned from pras | actual is: i love thee freely as men strive for right i love thee purely as they turn from praise.
Prediction is: thou canset waike thrugh sorow and sicnes to bring sols to touch and fhink it sowan other is cry to let | actual is: thou canst wait through sorrow and sickness to bring souls to touch and think it soon when others cry too late.
Prediction is: i love be with the passhion purty os in my old greas in with my chile hods fa | actual is: i love thee with the passion put to use in my old griefs and with my childhood is faith.
Prediction is: and to i havd grome sar rene and strong since then i thingk thitkgo his willd a still renuble feer | actual is: and though i have grown serene and strong since then i think that god has willed a still renewable fear.
Prediction is: open my heard wite and foled with in the whet wins af thy dove | actual is: open thy heart wide and fold within the wet wings of thy dove.
Prediction is: then i lone ryed by naturalyolls receied the comfort fast whil buding at y sight my poglram staf ge out green les with morning des anpurl | actual is: then i long tried by natural ills received the comfort fast while budding at thy sight my pilgrim is staff gave out green leaves with morning dews impearled.
Prediction is: when called bhe for i told holw hastily i drope my flowrs or breake of fromagau | actual is: when called before i told how hastily i dropped my flowers or brake off from a game.
Prediction is: but i howu art not such a luver my belofd | actual is: but thou art not such a lover my beloved.
Prediction is: muslmans andh giers hil cirches at a smile and hav no roth for any eping | actual is: mussulmans and giaours throw kerchiefs at a smile and have no ruth for any weeping.
Prediction is: always set wntout a word | actual is: all is said without a word.
Prediction is: i sit he nea thi looks as children do in the nen sun with souls that tremble through ther happy iatlans from an un uverd yet pronicale inword joy | actual is: i sit beneath thy looks as children do in the noon sun with souls that tremble through their happy eyelids from an unaverred yet prodigal inward joy.
Prediction is: o to shoed my sels fulr meaning into future ers that they should en in uterins and solat love that indurs from life at disappers | actual is: oh to shoot my soul is full meaning into future years that they should lend it utterance and salute love that endures from life that disappears.
Prediction is: shal i never mis home tak and bllessing ad the comong kis the comston eacen tern nor countet strage whn i looke up o drop on a new range of wals and flors another homed dan tis | actual is: shall i never miss home talk and blessing and the common kiss that comes to each in turn nor count it strange when i look up to drop on a new range of walls and floors another home than this.
Prediction is: and elove be fols | actual is: and love be false.
Prediction is: alas i have greeved so i am hard to lof | actual is: alas i have grieved so i am hard to love.
Prediction is: slow to world greadings quick with its o list when the angel speeak | actual is: slow to world greetings quick with its o list when the angels speak.
Prediction is: o lofh o tros | actual is: o love o troth.
Prediction is: nay i ratherd thrid distrusting every lighte tat seend to gill he onword pah and ferto over le a finger evin | actual is: nay i rather thrilled distrusting every light that seemed to gild the onward path and feared to overlean a finger even.
Prediction is: she ceased and smiled in ters tan sat down in her sover shryng | actual is: she ceasd and smild in tears then sat down in her silver shrine.
Prediction is: fe is wlike a watrybo and like a parking clod like a reflection in a glas whike shodows in the water lite dr reas of intence like a smile upon it infinse face | actual is: thel is like a watry bow and like a parting cloud like a reflection in a glass like shadows in the water like dreams of infants like a smile upon an infants face.
Prediction is: decendo litle clound and huper before the eys of fe | actual is: descend o little cloud and hover before the eyes of thel.
Prediction is: the helpe wass wermo roes ind sat upon the relies leeff and the bright cloud sao don do find his partanern thit val | actual is: the helpless worm arose and sat upon the lillys leaf and the bright cloud saild on to find his partner in the vale.
Prediction is: and lamy down in i cold bed an leve my shiny laed | actual is: and lay me down in thy cold bed and leave my shining lot.
Prediction is: why fa these childrin of the sprim | actual is: why fade these children of the spring.
Prediction is: comeforth warm and the silent baly te ni pans ive cueating | actual is: come forth worm and the silent valley to thy pensive queen.
Prediction is: why at tong impressed wit ceney from ifvery wind | actual is: why a tongue impress would with honey from every wind.
Prediction is: why shold he misters of the vailes of har mutur iat so | actual is: why should the mistress of the vales of har utter a sigh.
Prediction is: o little cloud the verghan sad i charche lhe to telmy why thou complainos now when in one hourt thou fait away then we shall seek be iut not fin a tho was like ti te | actual is: o little cloud the virgin said i charge thee to tell me why thou complainest now when in one hour thou fade away then we shall seek thee but not find ah thel is like to thee.
Prediction is: i pass away ye i conplang and noon herse my boace | actual is: i pass away yet i complain and no one hears my voice.
Prediction is: thou gente made of siloc vales and of moest brooks for thout shall be cloted in the light and fed with morning man till summers heet molts leb a sie the fountins and the sprins te florsh in aturnale vals te why shold the concla | actual is: thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks for thou shall be clothed in light and fed with morning manna till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs to flourish in eternal vales they why should thel complain.
Prediction is: theue weilly of the vawey breving in thefumple grass answered the lufl made in said i amla wat rewed and i am very sma ind ruk to twell an loy vals so week the gillded butter fly scare purchis on my head yet iam visited from haping in ed hat smiles on ol walks in the valy an each morn over me sprece his hand sayg we joice thou humble grass thow new boneglilly flower | actual is: the lilly of the valley breathing in the humble grass answerd the lovely maid and said i am a watry weed and i am very small and love to dwell in lowly vales so weak the gilded butterfly scarce perches on my head yet i am visited from heaven and he that smiles on all walks in the valley and each morn over me spreads his hand saying rejoice thou humble grass thou new born lily flower.
Prediction is: o life of this arsprein | actual is: o life of this our spring.
Prediction is: i see tey  way ho blist thing maked we beg in nunctansr non ce cherihty with mothers smils | actual is: i see they lay helpless and naked weeping and none to answer none to cherish thee with mothers smiles.
Prediction is: and gentl swleep the sleep of deatth and jetly hear the voice of him that walk it in the garden in the evening cime | actual is: and gentle sleep the sleep of death and gently hear the voice of him that walketh in the garden in the evening time.
Prediction is: whiti not alone nor of itselfh fer not ind i will co the wek worm from its lowe bed and thow shallt her itis voise | actual is: lives not alone nor or itself fear not and i will call the weak worm from its lowly bed and thou shalt hear its voice.
Prediction is: an sas now mother of my childrn i have loved tbe and i havd givende acrown that nun can take away | actual is: and says thou mother of my children i have loved thee and i have given thee a crown that none can take away.
Prediction is: but dolw is like a faink clod kinde tat the rising sun i vanish from my cuarly thron in whoshal find myigt place | actual is: but thel is like a faint cloud kindled at the rising sun i vanish from my pearly throne and who shall find my place.
Prediction is: image o wlekniss ar dowu bi awerrm | actual is: image of weakness art thou but a worm.
Prediction is: and whyit scatters its bright eanty thogh the humadar | actual is: and why it scatters its bright beauty thro the humid air.
Prediction is: the clowd ben showd his golden head and his bright form mamurghed | actual is: the cloud then shewd his golden head and his bright form emerg would.
Prediction is: and fers thow because i fanish an and seen no more | actual is: and fearest thou because i vanish and am seen no more.
Prediction is: which thou dest scatr on every with wo by of  grastat spris revides the noket co in tams the fir breading steed | actual is: which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs revives the milked cow and tames the fire breathing steed.
Prediction is: whi faes the lodis of the wanter | actual is: why fades the lotus of the water.
Prediction is: it is to ten fol life so loh to pece and rapsures holly un seened acenting way my lighte wes upon bomy flowrs and court thefair i do to take me toou her shining tent the wepeng veirtin trembleing nels berfore the risen son | actual is: it is to tenfold life to love to peace and raptures holy unseen descending weigh my light wings upon balmy flowers and court the fair eyed dew to take me to her shining tent the weeping virgin trembling kneels before the risen sun.
Prediction is: to faidt away like morning beuauty from her mort ba down by the river of a don her soft voicis heard and thus her gentl im intation fals like morning do | actual is: to fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day down by the river of adona her soft voice is heard and thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew.
Prediction is: like the dos fois like transient day lhyke music in the eair a | actual is: like the doves voice like transient day like music in the air ah.
Prediction is: or in i o gifs and graces sharing frits in cointed go | actual is: or an eye of gifts and graces showring fruits and coined gold.
Prediction is: whiin er a wor po firsed e drac creations in | actual is: why an ear a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in.
Prediction is: to whe aries alinked in af cold in baund an never part but wak you nihted baring fo to all ar tender flouwwers | actual is: till we arise link would in a golden band and never part but walk united bearing food to all our tender flowers.
Prediction is: be ca stod u and coled for that some which begans with these words | actual is: the king stood up and called for that psalm which begins with these words.
Prediction is: and the man of isril otsid the man of jede and a said we have ten pottson kim e t we havelso mo right invat bheg ne why then nijedy spis us thut our d vise should knot be first had in breing back o kin | actual is: and the men of israel answered the men of judah and said we have ten parts in the king and we have also more right in david than ye why then did ye despise us that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king.
Prediction is: before the setolment ov turns the hadgmiistration must be possestd antar by the ponimentc of both conges and how in compasiable that sco with the nibity of the king is easine emagiind | actual is: before the settlement of terms the administration must be possessed entirely by the parliaments of both kingdoms and how incompatible that scheme with the liberty of the king is easily imagined.
Prediction is: his the in this conjuture was a puviic missfolrtun | actual is: his death in this conjuncture was a public misfortune.
Prediction is: the good naeured odians in pity to fol an magisty sho ful n scgrit er defference to the kige theng to the miister an so the some which the former hadt coldful | actual is: the good natured audience in pity to fallen majesty showed for once greater deference to the king than to the minister and sung the psalm which the former had called for.
Prediction is: the poimente fel te stots lae thair proposons berfore the king | actual is: the parliament and the scots laid their proposals before the king.
Prediction is: or ha he givern us an gift | actual is: or hath he given us any gift.
Prediction is: have lasy nord con me iy pra fuor men wouth made vour | actual is: have mercy lord on me i pray for men would me devour.
Prediction is: hif ine still retane rank on agased him in his present condition they pused in silse while his well wishers more generous anprudent o compeate his moch wih tears weth at cemations a with prars for his safty | actual is: if any still retained rancor against him in his present condition they passed in silence while his well wishers more generous than prudent accompanied his march with tears with acclamations and with prayers for his safety.
Prediction is: the scutishe general lan commicione s affectid great surprise on ly appearantce of the ti anie tho they pad him oly exteia respect d to his diginty they instin mesit agod upon him undher collo of protection and mey him inriality ap prisoner | actual is: the scottish generals and commissioners affected great surprise on the appearance of the king and though they paid him all the exterior respect due to his dignity they instantly set a guard upon him under color of protection and made him in reality a prisoner.
Prediction is: they infomd tenmish poliment of this un expected incident and eshued then that they had entered int no privite treaty with the kin | actual is: they informed the english parliament of this unexpected incident and assured them that they had entered into no private treaty with the king.
Prediction is: the ongiash it is evident had they not being previously shoed tad receiving the kim would never have patetd with so considerable a some and qwuialthey weken themselves by the san measur hav strifth ond te peple with thom tay mustoftimance hav son materi and interest to discuss | actual is: the english it is evident had they not been previously assured of receiving the king would never have parted with so considerable a sum and while they weakened themselves by the same measure have strengthened a people with whom they must afterwards have so material an interest to discuss.
Prediction is: he posed through henly see aldons and cam so leausenonnenm as herow on te hil | actual is: he passed through henley saint albans and came so near to london as harrow on the hill.
Prediction is: another preature of ter reprochiing him to his face with his mis governnment orded this some to be so | actual is: another preacher after reproaching him to his face with his misgovernment ordered this psalm to be sung.
Prediction is: whil former for tomed that the scutish covenenters wer secr try foming a nuat the imish ponnimant and in o cateted the necesity of preminting them by some vigerous undertaking telaterstid insisted thet every such attenmt wold prercipitite then inte leasures to which bothe wis they were not perhaps inecline | actual is: while the former foretold that the scottish covenanters were secretly forming a union with the english parliament and inculcated the necessity of preventing them by some vigorous undertaking the latter still insisted that every such attempt would precipitate them into measures to which otherwise they were not perhaps inclined.
Prediction is: by a quick and unexpected moch wmonel tros hatend to inerloky and presentede himself in oder of batle before the suppinsed but oot a fritkend coveninters | actual is: by a quick and unexpected march montrose hastened to innerlochy and presented himself in order of battle before the surprised but not affrightened covenanters.
Prediction is: histoians at least perhaps from their on ignontce an inexperience have not remacked and  thing bhat had blon inpittuous podept ech party huriing to avatle where valer an fortue chefl deturming the success | actual is: historians at least perhaps from their own ignorance and inexperience have not remarked any thing but a headlong impetuous conduct each party hurrying to a battle where valor and fortune chiefly determined the success.
Prediction is: tho throin to prison for this enterprise and detaned some time et was not discoraged but still coltiniud by his countis und protection to infes spirit into the distreset rolests | actual is: though thrown into prison for this enterprise and detained some time he was not discouraged but still continued by his countenance and protection to infuse spirit into the distressed royalists.
Prediction is: olar inded was very generaly defustd uver the one e prosy as wele is the other euring visperiet disipplin also was attaned by the forces of the poliment but the prefectiont of the militarry ot in consersing the general plans of action and the operations of the feld seens still on both sides to hev being in a great lisure wonting | actual is: valor indeed was very generally diffused over the one party as well as the other during this period discipline also was attained by the forces of the parliament but the perfection of the military art in concerting the general plans of action and the operations of the field seems still on both sides to have been in a great measure wanting.
Prediction is: besies mem was of poliment who were ex gluted many ofices unwening to serv undi en new generals hro up their commitions und in werily posiitated the progento potine amy intrly into the tans ifs that faction | actual is: besides members of parliament who were excluded many officers unwilling to serve under the new generals threw up their commissions and unwarily facilitated the project of putting the army entirely into the hands of that faction.
Prediction is: with tes and some rel forsement said the atal len andooke dols wo we hve recold on trs feul sudenly upon argiles country and thlt lo suppon it o arageof war caring ok the cattle burning the houses and putingian habiteants to the sord | actual is: with these and some reenforcements of the atholemen and macdonalds whom he had recalled montrose fell suddenly upon argyle is country and let loose upon it all the rage of war carrying off the cattle burning the houses and putting the inhabitants to the sword.
Prediction is: dreding the syperior power of ar gow who having joingd his vaseles to a force levid by the pubnic war he proting with a considerable army lon tras hasine ohward in oder to rous againe the moke of hoply and the gordins thogh having before haseto y takeen ams had ben instintly suppresed by the coen enters | actual is: dreading the superior power of argyle who having joined his vassals to a force levied by the public was approaching with a considerable army montrose hastened northwards in order to rouse again the marquis of huntley and the gordons who having before hastily taken arms had been instantly suppressed by the covenanters.
Prediction is: by quick martes thog thes in exessibl rountins that geero fred himself from th suparior forces of the covernmen tes | actual is: by quick marches through these inaccessible mountains that general freed himself from the superior forces of the covenanters.
Prediction is: they the disciplin of the fomo polamentry ar i was noktd contitible a more exackt plan was intredust that rigerosly execuuted by thes ne commondhers | actual is: though the discipline of the former parliamentary army was not contemptible a more exact plan was introduced and rigorously executed by these new commanders.
Prediction is: his coed uc and e presentce of mlined in tmhsymorgense apered conspictuus | actual is: his conduct and presence of mind in this emergence appeared conspicuous.
Prediction is: from the same min ne regientse and eew compins wiere fod different offecers appointed and the hol miitary for sput inntos such hearns as the indepindentce could telil | actual is: from the same men new regiments and new companies were formed different officers appointed and the whole military force put into such hands as the independents could rely on.
Prediction is: thiss nobemons carter tho selibreatede for pomisco curge and coldut was very no for minitary prose an not a soe scermihis in which he was wersted he here a lowd mon trose to ascape him | actual is: this nobleman is character though celebrated for political courage and conduct was very low for military prowess and after some skirmishes in which he was worsted he here allowed montrose to escape him.
Prediction is: mon tros we in cavery her lined his troops of hose with ifentry and ofter puttingthe anihis hos to rout sel with you nitid fors uppon the foot whe wer n tie e cut in peces heg with the los of think gelent nored gordin on thepot of the woylests | actual is: montrose weak in cavalry here lined his troops of horse with infantry and after putting the enemy is horse to rout fell with united force upon their foot who were entirely cut in pieces though with the loss of the gallant lord gordon on the part of the royalists.
Prediction is: this suverity by which mon tros soleet his victreres was the result of privit an the mosity agans the chiftim as much as ofzele for the pubnic cols ar gil colictin three housand min mached in ques te teinmyn who had retired with thep lunder ani e ay at inther locki supposing himself still at have considerable distantce from them | actual is: this severity by which montrose sullied his victories was the result of private animosity against the chieftain as much as of zeal for the public cause argyle collecting three thousand men marched in quest of the enemy who had retired with their plunder and he lay at innerlochy supposing himself still at a considerable distance from them.
Prediction is: re tais ers were now ope to mon trosis counsls who proposed nn but the boldest andmost daring agreedbly to the desprt stated the lo cos an strutitid | actual is: the king is ears were now open to montrose is counsels who proposed none but the boldest and most daring agreeably to the desperate state of the royal cause in scotland.
Prediction is: fit hundred nen more whou had beeng levid by the coven enters ere prosuaded to ingrace the wrorl cos and wid this comvine forcehe hasind to atack lord eco who lat path with an army of sex thous andd men a sembld upon the fest emeans of the irish invasion | actual is: five hundred men more who had been levied by the covenanters were persuaded to embrace the royal cause and with this combined force he hastened to attack lord elcho who lay at perth with an army of six thousand men assembled upon the first news of the irish invasion.
Prediction is: among o ther pressons of destaction fhor yunited themselves too him was the lordn ma pir of muchestan sone of the faous invanter of the moverinos the pason to who the title of a great man is more just le do then to any o ther whom his country ever porused | actual is: among other persons of distinction who united themselves to him was lord napier of merchiston son of the famous inventor of the logarithms the person to whom the title of a great man is more justly due than to any other whom his country ever produced.
Prediction is: think saden myse unever seen anything as prop goodnt men i be too tam an up an wollano so a card this little feler ho in a bo sha bas cit one it last munk and a sment a laan anans puot hin togather | actual is: thinks i to myself i never seen anything osh popham could not mend if he took time enough and glue enough so i carried this little feller home in a bushel basket one night last month an i have spent eleven evenin is puttin him together.
Prediction is: at that momento geleman anere buring ahedge object conceled by piace of green fel | actual is: at that moment the gentleman entered bearing a huge object concealed by a piece of green felt.
Prediction is: nex came allos turned to helpe in ha sairamonies | actual is: next came olive is turn to help in the ceremonies.
Prediction is: i if hed peated the modo on a long norow panalof camdes andgiving it to mister popem sdood by the firsind whi he detle fited it into the place pepared for it | actual is: olive had painted the motto on a long narrow panel of canvas and giving it to mister popham stood by the fireside while he deftly fitted it into the place prepared for it.
Prediction is: captlenwaed the towort to antrow as she re sas and beautiful lines ritten for some such purpos as that which colled then to gether to niht | actual is: kathleen waved the torch to and fro as she recited some beautiful lines written for some such purpose as that which called them together to night.
Prediction is: il lio phads another lovele giped for the ellow house said mother cariy rizing and to carry out the nex part the progran we shl have to go inprocesion op stairs to my bettr | actual is: olive has another lovely gift for the yellow house said mother carey rising and to carry out the next part of the programme we shall have to go in procession upstairs to my bedroom.
Prediction is: nmay harmen dryed the kitch en pont sicrtly several time sduring that evening for the water had to ron uppill all the way from the well to the kitchen sink and et belive this to bea continual mericle that mih give out af any moment | actual is: natty harmon tried the kitchen pump secretly several times during the evening for the water had to run up hill all the way from the well to the kitchen sink and he believed this to be a continual miracle that might give out at any moment.
Prediction is: misus harmand thaugh he sang to much un tolder has been prabatly that if he was a comary burd she shou ant kgete the table cover o resad mose to the tarm bhut he was amensly popunet withta rest of his onice | actual is: missus harmon thought he sang too much and told her husband privately that if he was a canary bird she should want to keep a table cover over his head most of the time but he was immensely popular with the rest of his audience.
Prediction is: they began with the one in the family sitting ron curn a wellar rot fhirst in mister and missus bill harman with mayan ropes mister andmissus popo ly dig be and lalejoy all standing d miring grves and reing with delighte at the order of evencs | actual is: they began with the one in the family sitting room colonel wheeler ralph thurston mister and missus bill harmon with natty and rufus mister and missus popham with digby and lallie joy all standing in admiring groups and thrilling with delight at the order of events.
Prediction is: to night there was no nee of exter he and there were great sarlis to be observed ind ligting the fires on the hart stans | actual is: to night there was no need of extra heat and there were great ceremonies to be observed in lighting the fires on the hearthstones.
Prediction is: mother carry fort calpy mashe chaklid and the otherself serve the saages and cake dinmets an tarts | actual is: mother carey poured coffee nancy chocolate and the others helped serve the sandwiches and cake doughnuts and tarts.
Prediction is: the facor on thehagny sho of delight and mye not when it was doing everythiing allmost every theng witd inniscop of of ano and yet the fonly had enjoit weeks of good nershingmeals on what had been save by its excertions | actual is: the face of the mahogany shone with delight and why not when it was doing everything almost everything within the scope of a piano and yet the family had enjoyed weeks of good nourishing meals on what had been saved by its exertions.
Prediction is: we shot aur eys the pflowers bloomon wememer but the corneers fell we cuse the shatdow but the son that cast it shins behund u still | actual is: we shut our eyes the flowers bloom on we murmur but the corn ears fill we choose the shadow but the sun that casts it shines behind us still.
Prediction is: bun fie burnd shicker flike slain | actual is: burn fire burn flicker flicker flame.
Prediction is: an bay tha grates | actual is: ai not they the greatest.
Prediction is: exclaimed bo hir anto his woe as they wen throug the lighted hal | actual is: exclaimed bill harmon to his wife as they went through the lighted hall.
Prediction is: aproching the donen table he carefuly plase the artical in the center and remeve the clot | actual is: approaching the dining table he carefully placed the article in the centre and removed the cloth.
Prediction is: relt first on had foundthae lin of ladten fomemin his beloved harnce to be slendect fpocus for a yu the heart fire shins | actual is: ralph thurston had found a line of latin for them in his beloved horace tibi splendet focus for you the hearth fire shines.
Prediction is: whatever appeal to her sence a beaty was t reat way tanspired to paper or canves | actual is: whatever appealed to her sense of beauty was straightway transferred to paper or canvas.
Prediction is: hind ry lord with tha degre of peceded to his crad it had been prerfesser ofxuoligy at an newangland colege but had resind his posed in oder to rie e searis of sinti ic texts books | actual is: henry lord with the degree of ph d to his credit had been professor of zoology at a new england college but had resigned his post in order to write a series of scientific text books.
Prediction is: mister popon lay down his bresh | actual is: mister popham laid down his brush.
Prediction is: hey gave up his position and shat the fanmly up in that thim of the house sond he could not stedi is books | actual is: he give up his position and shut the family up in that tomb of a house so t he could study his books.
Prediction is: gran fathere was olexander carry ell elde docter of las that is | actual is: grandfather was alexander carey l l d doctor of laws that is.
Prediction is: ther in the seater howad then lived al it lord and angry resent e little creacor way down bya fear sense of ingery | actual is: there in the cedar hollow then lived olive lord an angry resentful little creature weighed down by a fierce sense of injury.
Prediction is: mister prople e xagerated nothing but on the conteraleft much un said in his naritivb of the family at the house of lors | actual is: mister popham exaggerated nothing but on the contrary left much unsaid in his narrative of the family at the house of lords.
Prediction is: yes ded these fory yrs and a god jo for hear to | actual is: yes dead these four years an a good job for her too.
Prediction is: they could not ron er mo ther just pase boid | actual is: they could not run nor move they are just pasteboard.
Prediction is: she makes efver after ever tremliyng with eagernes and when she fas to reprotece whitch hoe seese she workes herself into a friency of greepind disapplonent | actual is: she makes effort after effort trembling with eagerness and when she fails to reproduce what she sees she works herself into a frenzy of grief and disappointment.
Prediction is: serl them must be some beterway a doing igus drawteolin of in atmal and theip pue hairs or fates on it they have no bodies | actual is: cyril there must be some better way of doing i just draw the outline of an animal and then i put hairs or feathers on it they have no bodies.
Prediction is: she isoter than i am but so tiny and sad and shi thut she seemes like a child | actual is: she is older than i am but so tiny and sad and shy that she seems like a child.
Prediction is: don he an go a ba ty order sanee was born | actual is: done he ai not done a thing he would oughter sence he was born.
Prediction is: iswang s o man the d jeculade e foudoln werk card yo ca ke pup we t a tims dacter of los | actual is: i swan to man he ejaculated if you do not work hard you can not keep up with the times doctor of laws.
Prediction is: wel as i sa itis an aple quer world may clat all the burglers and jon the merderers in the mihfe beaters i hoars thoughta jenl reprop e be inug punshment re a lake beter cosy probably hos a lot a propication that nobody knows and the firebogs ca not thik o a right name sof the li sendiaries and the breakers of a piease and wat not and yet the la as noting to say toa man like hand loard | actual is: well as i say it is an awful queer world they clap all the burglars into jail and the murderers and the wife beaters i have allers thought a gentle reproof would be enough punishment for a wife beater cause he probably has a lot o provocation that nobody knows and the firebugs can not think o the right name something like cendenaries an the breakers o the peace an what not an yet the law has nothin to say to a man like hen lord.
Prediction is: alwayseritable cold in differnt he had gron rapidly more so as heers went on | actual is: always irritable cold indifferent he had grown rapidly more so as years went on.
Prediction is: alabsmornful blackes ment mance sparkliyng branlons | actual is: olive is mournful black eyes met nancy is sparkling brown ones.
Prediction is: when he could not make arabito aburdl ook rel on paper she serchd iner father is books per pictures of it s bouns | actual is: when she could not make a rabbit or a bird look real on paper she searched in her father is books for pictures of its bones.
Prediction is: she is wilt to kno hoe a do things | actual is: she is wild to know how to do things.
Prediction is: he would not serch said donot worry repli serl quily and the to loct at each eter and knew hat it was so | actual is: he would not search so do not worry replied cyril quietly and the two looked at each other and knew that it was so.
Prediction is: she is wonterful mo wondipl an any body weav ever seen anywhere and she dras better than thae teatoure in tas towm | actual is: she is wonderful more wonderful than anybody we have ever seen anywhere and she draws better than the teacher in charlestown.
Prediction is: nances cruwly chest not crop sho in a son and alos thick black plates looked lacker by contrs | actual is: nancy is curly chestnut crop shone in the sun and olive is thick black plaits looked blacker by contrast.
Prediction is: en keves that vaushout not coummamans firstra hand lor dos | actual is: he keeps the thou shalt not commandments first rate hen lord does.
Prediction is: i will make no un jess se of what i know he wreplie thet funness ia beleeyu myno | actual is: i will make no unjust use of what i know he replied with firmness i believe you my lord.
Prediction is: but in seta case miss nonersolection of the hus ban shal not deract mine | actual is: but in such a case miss milner is election of a husband shall not direct mine.
Prediction is: if she dos not no howthet as to mate her on be you i do | actual is: if she does not know how to estimate her own value i do.
Prediction is: miss wodtly was to mittae vurst in the subject to know tis would have ben not to loven all at reast not to the extent of breaking trewgh engagments and all the verystob sticls that still miigated against their uin | actual is: miss woodley was too little versed in the subject to know this would have been not to love at all at least not to the extent of breaking through engagements and all the various obstacles that still militated against their union.
Prediction is: ind apen an of her fortune she has beauty to cap tobat the heart of any man and with ather foies she haeer frangkness in her manter and uneffected wistem in her thouts of avacity in her comversation and with fa a solfness in her demeiner that might alon ngae the afetioncs of a man of the nices sensmens and the strongest under standing | actual is: independent of her fortune she has beauty to captivate the heart of any man and with all her follies she has a frankness in her manner an unaffected wisdom in her thoughts a vivacity in her conversation and withal a softness in her demeanour that might alone engage the affections of a man of the nicest sentiments and the strongest understanding.
Prediction is: sother is to ma ad an samport e the circasti snere | actual is: so there is to me added sandford with a sarcastic sneer.
Prediction is: not that i know  not one more that i know o e replied with is thonishman at what she had nsinuated and yet with a prefict a surance tha she was in the wo | actual is: not that i know of not one more that i know of he replied with astonishment at what she had insinuated and yet with a perfect assurance that she was in the wrong.
Prediction is: saidn missus wortaen a femin atsapter | actual is: said missus horton a few minutes after.
Prediction is: i havd never yet however been bankquishd by them an even upon hiss iccasion my reason sho cam bat them to the las and my reasonsha failmy before iderong | actual is: i have never yet however been vanquished by them and even upon this occasion my reason shall combat them to the last and my reason shall fail me before i do wrong.
Prediction is: he seemed to wat for her replie but as she ma non he peceidin | actual is: he seemed to wait for her reply but as she made none he proceeded.
Prediction is: bhut the mor fer get fon nes had bhen prevaed the more poful was the force of rememberence whand she arwok | actual is: but the more forgetfulness had then prevailed the more powerful was the force of remembrance when she awoke.
Prediction is: miss noner is help as not good | actual is: miss milner is health is not good.
Prediction is: and yet you must on her be hager has warnterd them pas it not bin in this pertaculor incoerit and unaccanable | actual is: and yet you must own her behaviour has warranted them has it not been in this particular incoherent and unaccountable.
Prediction is: is she not afrayd thati wllkf wort her ainlinations | actual is: is she not afraid that i will thwart her inclinations.
Prediction is: my lord miss noleris tace dis not a deprav doone it is but twoo refied | actual is: my lord miss milner is taste is not a depraved one it is but too refined.
Prediction is: agan he sercd thoso thots nor in affactually as befor | actual is: again he searched his own thoughts nor ineffectually as before.
Prediction is: to relea er from both he lade his hand with force upplon his har and si di yo belive me | actual is: to relieve her from both he laid his hand with force upon his heart and said do you believe me.
Prediction is: o my lore crid mes wily win a most forcible axat u you are the las peson ontera she wald pardnny brin trusting | actual is: oh my lord cried miss woodley with a most forcible accent you are the last person on earth she would pardon me for entrusting.
Prediction is: to ask any more questions of e ibely would be unfair | actual is: to ask any more questions of you i believe would be unfair.
Prediction is: perhapsin mistake in answerdco | actual is: perhaps i am mistaken answered she.
Prediction is: what can yo mean by that mess woildly you tal misteriously | actual is: what can you mean by that miss woodley you talk mysteriously.
Prediction is: to selabrae the arivele of her son so vea gave a splenden supfer to whinch she had invited all herelitivs and it was a good opretutity for me to make their aquantence | actual is: to celebrate the arrival of her son silvia gave a splendid supper to which she had invited all her relatives and it was a good opportunity for me to make their acquaintance.
Prediction is: boghthe fros da sir i thing hat whate you havd donn give is great hoes o you and without any doubt you will make racpen progrss | actual is: for the first day sir i think that what you have done gives great hopes of you and without any doubt you will make rapid progress.
Prediction is: he goin dedt me changge for aloy i hade it sa | actual is: here go and get me change for a louis i have it sir.
Prediction is: i had a nam mibuly ve in my younn days but i have for gotonit since i havea been in servise | actual is: i had a name i believe in my young days but i have forgotten it since i have been in service.
Prediction is: you will forgivt my dear beater if i had mad to attend the funralf soveattenears bffor her det believe me i havde know intentionof poforming americl you may can so yourself foth the adia that i shall sparie you that unplasent tas cen porsily a dis | actual is: you will forgive me dear reader if i have made you attend the funeral of silvia ten years before her death believe me i have no intention of performing a miracle you may console yourself with the idea that i shall spare you that unpleasant task when poor silvia dies.
Prediction is: mu do herected me wi tay patrnising air for my peenciation of the word scomver which mes devided saying that it ough to be prononced scur and she added that i ont to be veriy dla to ofelern so mutch on the firs de my arible ind ars taing me that would bean anportalnt day in my lif | actual is: madam corrected me with a patronizing air for my pronunciation of the word scevra which means divided saying that it ought to be pronounced sceura and she added that i ought to be very glad to have learned so much on the first day of my arrival in paris telling me that it would be an important day in my life.
Prediction is: my remark plases him but i som proved to him that it is not the rightely to speek how ever perfatce meha be n a languash oa the angead driter | actual is: my remark pleases him but i soon prove to him that it is not the right way to speak however perfect may have been the language of that ancient writer.
Prediction is: without saying itd positevely she maded me understand that being herself and he lustri os member of the r apublic of letters she was well awer tha she wa speaking to in insact | actual is: without saying it positively she made me understand that being herself an illustrious member of the republic of letters she was well aware that she was speaking to an insect.
Prediction is: i sit down in a smol table a water comes inmediatly to inquire my wiches | actual is: i sit down at a small table a waiter comes immediately to enquire my wishes.
Prediction is: he had a good ape ti could telli good story without laughing wese sela bratedvfrs whild he remart hasan his soshiable manners but he spend his life at home sel dem going out an seeng hardly any one because e aways had a pimeman his mou thand was surounded biagles twentig cats whith which he would ave use himself all day | actual is: he had a good appetite could tell a good story without laughing was celebrated for his witty repartees and his sociable manners but he spent his life at home seldom going out and seeing hardly anyone because he always had a pipe in his mouth and was surrounded by at least twenty cats with which he would amuse himself all day.
Prediction is: her face was in inat magfor d inspired every one with the ormest symtity and yet if you examiit attentedly there was not one ceutiful fethur she did not becolle hansom but no one could hv thoht her utly | actual is: her face was an enigma for it inspired everyone with the warmest sympathy and yet if you examined it attentively there was not one beautiful feature she could not be called handsome but no one could have thought her ugly.
Prediction is: she inder dused mede to all her guest sand gave me some porteccullars respecting every one of them | actual is: she introduced me to all her guests and gave me some particulars respecting every one of them.
Prediction is: you are now an the only countrin the world where wit canm make a fortun by seling ither a jgenuin or of falls articl in the first cace it received the wellco of antelligen ton talunto people and inesecond fols or allways ready to re wordet for siligneis truly a caracteristicg of the people here and however wonderful it ba appear silliness is the daughter of wit | actual is: you are now in the only country in the world where wit can make a fortune by selling either a genuine or a false article in the first case it receives the welcome of intelligent and talented people and in the second fools are always ready to reward it for silliness is truly a characteristic of the people here and however wonderful it may appear silliness is the daughter of wit.
Prediction is: he himself residt at the same passge in vriench and colit thy pointed ouf the parts in which he dot that i had improed on the ariginal | actual is: he himself recited the same passage in french and politely pointed out the parts in which he thought that i had improved on the original.
Prediction is: i see a crowd ind oneorter of the garden avery body standing steland looking up | actual is: i see a crowd in one corner of the garden everybody standing still and looking up.
Prediction is: i tank him and take my lee | actual is: i thank him and take my leave.
Prediction is: so the a did not thing that her good conduckt was a merit for she know that she was verntuous only because herselvf move comepeled her to beso and she never egxibitet an y pride or a soodan ies puriartin worthur theantical sisters allthos hat is find i shine by their taan or their beauty they cae little about rendering themselves counspicuus by therver to | actual is: silvia did not think that her good conduct was a merit for she knew that she was virtuous only because her self love compelled her to be so and she never exhibited any pride or assumed any superiority towards her theatrical sisters although satisfied to shine by their talent or their beauty they cared little about rendering themselves conspicuous by their virtue.
Prediction is: yes but the m aridian of the pala oy ha is the mostexacd | actual is: yes but the meridian of the palais royal is the most exact.
Prediction is: that is throu ba dobr | actual is: that is true badauderie.
Prediction is: ashosavi sai | actual is: at your service sir.
Prediction is: cemply by stomping her cariage to ar dree times thefor the shop to have hers noh bois felle and by saying lound to the youngger of who handad bakg the bocks aid hersnogh was the very bast in parss | actual is: simply by stopping her carriage two or three times before the shop to have her snuff box filled and by saying aloud to the young girl who handed back the box that her snuff was the very best in paris.
Prediction is: when the cang coms to paros averybedy cals ot vev o orloy | actual is: when the king comes to paris everybody calls out vive le roi.
Prediction is: a s he a quanto to of chairs forhier at the rait of ome so men reading the newse paberind of ae shade of the strees girls and men brackfisting either alo mor in company waiters who were rapidly going up ben dowd and narow stair case hid emend of the foliage | actual is: i see a quantity of chairs for hire at the rate of one sou men reading the newspaper under the shade of the trees girls and men breakfasting either alone or in company waiters who were rapidly going up and down a narrow staircase hidden under the foliage.
Prediction is: i sha cal youas spree | actual is: i shall call you esprit.
Prediction is: it seems to men ireplied that such aproble suchsh radefication of the anconion expressed by the kin the princess of the bloded seder is rathere  profom the enfection felut for them bathe nation for the friench cart an ifection to such ion exten that they belive them in faibl | actual is: it seems to me i replied that such approval such ratification of the opinion expressed by the king the princes of the blood et cetera is rather a proof of the affection felt for them by the nation for the french carry that affection to such an extent that they believe them infallible.
Prediction is: she was onerably barid in the church of san sher ver withot the sight es oposition from ther venerabale brease two far from sharing he andt i critien ntolerancye of the clurgy n general said tat her profession os an actress had not hindered her fom being o good cristion and at the earh was a comme mother of all hemanbeings as es sas crised had e tesavur of all man kind | actual is: she was honourably buried in the church of saint sauveur without the slightest opposition from the venerable priest who far from sharing the anti christain intolerancy of the clergy in general said that her profession as an actress had not hindered her from being a good christian and that the earth was the common mother of all human beings as jesus christ had been the saviour of all mankind.
Prediction is: let a man rune and every baty wil run after him the crowd wild not stop an les the man ias proved to be mat but to uv it is inde thae dif ficult task because we have a crowd is men who mad from therber ar still consiterd wis | actual is: let a man run and everybody will run after him the crowd will not stop unless the man is proved to be mad but to prove it is indeed a difficult task because we have a crowd of men who mad from their birth are still considered wise.
Prediction is: i am  very unplesent pupble allways asking questions curious trouble som in satiual and even supposing that i couldno meet with the tecur irequhire i am afraid i have not rinchenogf to bay him | actual is: i am a very unpleasant pupil always asking questions curious troublesome insatiable and even supposing that i could meet with the teacher i require i am afraid i am not rich enough to pay him.
Prediction is: i never had annefamily | actual is: i never had any family.
Prediction is: is it betterf than any were ls | actual is: is it better than anywhere else.
Prediction is: all they is onmist persons ar wraiding their turne to kgt their sno box his fell | actual is: all these honest persons are waiting their turn to get their snuff boxes filled.
Prediction is: si veo was the aderation of france and her telent was the reeal subport of alll the comitis which the grathis ofters rote for her especially ou the plase of marriao for without her his comiotiyes woilh never hav gone to prostarity | actual is: silvia was the adoration of france and her talent was the real support of all the comedies which the greatest authors wrote for her especially of the plays of marivaux for without her his comedies would never have gone to posterity.
Prediction is: e m a dowbt qwen so besides con anser yor incluries | actual is: madame quinson besides can answer your enquiries.
Prediction is: i beleve it sir and that is what i fear thevfoe then princible object of my visitcher is to devot myself intirely to the study of the friend flanguhige | actual is: i believe it sir and that is what i fear therefore the principal object of my visit here is to devote myself entirely to the study of the french language.
Prediction is: bud to how t it she manais trerender id so fachnable | actual is: but how did she manage to render it so fashionable.
Prediction is: two ers before her deah i saw her pofor m tha caracter of mary an in the cammity of merive and inspite of herage and eclining helh the ulusion was comlate | actual is: two years before her death i saw her perform the character of marianne in the comedy of marivaux and in spite of her age and declining health the illusion was complete.
Prediction is: i adresce him tin ato in and he answers very witey but his way of speaking makes me smile nd i tell him wly | actual is: i address him in italian and he answers very wittily but his way of speaking makes me smile and i tell him why.
Prediction is: thetn turning towards me he says that i look lik of foarner and when i say that i aman atallian he he ins to spee to me of the cordto the city of he theters and a  lasthe offrece to a companig me everywhere | actual is: then turning towards me he says that i look like a foreigner and when i say that i am an italian he begins to speak to me of the court of the city of the theatres and at last he offers to accompany me everywhere.
Prediction is: it is so levery wheare but for the last three wegs no batywill s any snof but that sould at the subect cat | actual is: it is sold everywhere but for the last three weeks nobody will use any snuff but that sold at the civet cat.
Prediction is: yo doe a gragona | actual is: you do me a great honour.
Prediction is: i tom to give me so coly if it disgod | actual is: i tell him to give me some coffee if it is good.
Prediction is: is theire not to em aritdy n every where | actual is: is there not a meridian everywhere.
Prediction is: his house keper had the managemen of every thing she never allowd him to be inned dof anything at she gave no ar count of his money which she capet al together be caussi never asked her to render any accouans | actual is: his housekeeper had the management of everything she never allowed him to be in need of anything and she gave no account of his money which she kept altogether because he never asked her to render any accounts.
Prediction is: in order to please her i spoked to her on the ay conty and i had accasion to cuoot two line of that prorfound riter | actual is: in order to please her i spoke to her of the abbe conti and i had occasion to quote two lines of that profound writer.
Prediction is: iresied in the mave go di tos port | actual is: i reside in the marais rue de douze portes.
Prediction is: woat sor i said to him and y fortinit enough to see u | actual is: what sir i said to him am i fortunate enough to see you.
Prediction is: i will make o trins lat themmen to fraenchind you ned not be afrade of my finding you rinsatiaable | actual is: i will make you translate them into french and you need not be afraid of my finding you insatiable.
Prediction is: and se the storyo woman is of ruonson it s fan ally has not yeht ben riten the kin pressepresens continuously nustay gis of its progress ne develiments of its plan | actual is: and so the story of mormonism runs on its finale has not yet been written the current press presents continuously new stages of its progress new developments of its plan.
Prediction is: thad the church was disenploprated an its propry wilth real and personal cofistated and asshe atid to the governmen of thenited states and al though the personal propery with soon restord wrulistat of guad vell you long layn the hands of the courts re ceever and the worman church had to pay the nasual geerman high rentle on its con property | actual is: then the church was disincorporated and its property both real and personal confiscated and escheated to the government of the united states and although the personal property was soon restored real estate of great value long lay in the hands of the court is receiver and the mormon church had to pay the national government high rental on its own property.
Prediction is: but a word forther coulserning the expedition i genteral | actual is: but a word further concerning the expedition in general.
Prediction is: what the letterd a sait s calseo lestral marage his characer ristick ofe the church and hisin very general practis but of so lesteamarage porality of wie was an incitet never an essential | actual is: what the latter day saints call celestial marriage is characteristic of the church and is in very general practise but of celestial marriage plurality of wives was an incident never an essential.
Prediction is: it has been mi privletion to trag the sol of miny elance to abjervlic custims and stuading habits of mornatios oad one nia yet the find the place ad meed to people where ind with whom the purity of man ind womand his held wor preshous that among the melind wormens in ae moutan valles of the west | actual is: it has been my privilege to tread the soil of many lands to observe the customs and study the habits of more nations than one and i have yet to find the place and meet the people where and with whom the purity of man and woman is held more precious than among the maligned mormons in the mountain valleys of the west.
Prediction is: the ar wey folund the people of poverty ans left ham in comparied of welt | actual is: the army found the people in poverty and left them in comparative wealth.
Prediction is: more over had the people been ingclined to revellon a gat her upportuty could e have wished | actual is: moreover had the people been inclined to rebellion what greater opportunity could they have wished.
Prediction is: the people coldtested these measures one by one in the courts pesenting in tase uftercatn the diffent fases of the subjectn and eargingthe uncoset to chonality of the measure | actual is: the people contested these measures one by one in the courts presenting in case after case the different phases of the subject and urging the unconstitutionality of the measure.
Prediction is: beforetistravesty of the administration of la could be brought befor the cort of las res ord and thee tat with the revercal an repeca deserved ten where om prisent undersentance of many years deration | actual is: before this travesty on the administration of law could be brought before the court of last resort and there meet with the reversal and rebuke it deserved men were imprisoned under sentences of many years duration.
Prediction is: we believid a litteral reserection and an actual her after a wih featurestate shll be recognised every sang tofid ed ofterase relation shoip existing her aner of parited child bother insisterd has min an wife | actual is: we believe in a literal resurrection and an actual hereafter in which future state shall be recognized every sanctified and authorized relationship existing here on earth of parent and child brother and sister husband and wife.
Prediction is: allreade a north and hiselut were talkadof won non said a also a west | actual is: already a north and a south were talked of why not set up also a west.
Prediction is: an eighteen sixty two a lha was anactey with a purpose of suppressin poral marage and as had been pridicted in the national setent prired to its passage at lay for mnny years a dead letter | actual is: in eighteen sixty two a law was enacted with the purpose of suppressing plural marriage and as had been predicted in the national senate prior to its passage it lay for many years a dead letter.
Prediction is: they knew do northt noself do no eas no west they sad positively by the costitution en wold hae nothing to do ind the blody strift puet we brothers a lessen de thee were somemend by the athorty two wich they had arty once loly responded to furnish meted arms forlthe countreyeis ned | actual is: they knew no north no south no east no west they stood positively by the constitution and would have nothing to do in the bloody strife between brothers unless indeed they were summoned by the authority to which they had already once loyally responded to furnish men and arms for their country is need.
Prediction is: thet erol juges and yuitid states a turnies in nete who ware not mormens nor lovers ofe worman is m refused to intertang om plans or possiue cases under the lo because of is manifhest e justicse and cannatiquicy | actual is: federal judges and united states attorneys in utah who were not mormons nor lovers of mormonism refused to entertain complaints or prosecute cases under the law because of its manifest injustice and inadequacy.
Prediction is: he was thoug floits edvise the becated ortoidti military expedition to yu to hustensily to hitstall sertaint federal afficials and to represse ineliced in faint ou rbilion which adfact had never come in to existeds but an reality deferther the intrats of the sussesianists | actual is: it was through floyd is advice that buchanan ordered the military expedition to utah ostensibly to install certain federal officials and to repress an alleged infantile rebellion which in fact had never come into existence but in reality to further the interests of the secessionists.
Prediction is: at the inseption o bor marige mong the letterday sis there was no log nasional or state igivn s hisprectis | actual is: at the inception of plural marriage among the latter day saints there was no law national or state against its practise.
Prediction is: thisment that for an e ledge misted men er for hich congrish prescribved an maxsomampanlty of sixmoncs om prisiment and afin of thre hunderd doollrs a man migh be abprisent for life i fore many turmes of a mins natural life tod be qurnts powrto adforce it sentenc is extenso far and might be find  miliancs of dolers | actual is: this meant that for an alleged misdemeanor for which congress prescribed a maximum penalty of six months imprisonment and a fine of three hundred dollars a man might be imprisoned for life aye for many terms of a man is natural life did the court is power to enforce its sentences extend so far and might be fined millions of dollars.
Prediction is: itis orgein was smof a jurm had cinsignifican sed hardly to be thought of as likely to arous oppositions | actual is: its origin was small a germ an insignificant seed hardly to be thought of as likely to arouse opposition.
Prediction is: the boc amormnd had taughtd the people the truw origen ad desity o the americand idiance and to word this therkskind remdet of a once myhtdy people fhe micioneris of mormen ism ar letured their eyes and with their eyes wint ther hearts and their hopes | actual is: the book of mormon had taught the people the true origin and destiny of the american indians and toward this dark skinned remnant of a once mighty people the missionaries of mormonism early turned their eyes and with their eyes went their hearts and their hopes.
Prediction is: neveithe ess of the mustered seed among the smolectd of allseats hes ataiyn the proportions of a tree and the biards of the air ar nesting in its branches the aeoard as thou it oken offering pretection and the sweets of sat isfaction to every arnis pobgreof journing itis way firtrece | actual is: nevertheless the mustard seed among the smallest of all seeds has attained the proportions of a tree and the birds of the air are nesting in its branches the acorn is now an oak offering protection and the sweets of satisfaction to every earnest pilgrim journeying its way for truth.
Prediction is: oh what er recerd to reat what ae piture to gase upon how ofle thefact | actual is: oh what a record to read what a picture to gaze upon how awful the fact.
Prediction is: their sufferings hav neer yet an fitly twaricald by he un scrivbe | actual is: their sufferings have never yet been fitly chronicled by human scribe.
Prediction is: may he kno way acros the river mos of the refugies toun shelther among the more hospitable people of clacany and afterward his tablishd themselves in calld well tenny therad titing the city o for west | actual is: making their way across the river most of the refugees found shelter among the more hospitable people of clay county and afterward established themselves in caldwell county therein founding the city of far west.
Prediction is: ins stet uf but six reguilarly atilliuted members had at most two scoare that herns the orgimisation hum mrs to day mtn e huddred thous aind sels | actual is: instead of but six regularly affiliated members and at most two score of adherents the organization numbers today many hundred thousand souls.
Prediction is: as he saple of the prescomets agains at the brutality of the msurians i quort a parebres fromf the cqouncy arges marche sixtees aighteen thertye no | actual is: as a sample of the press comments against the brutality of the missourians i quote a paragraph from the quincy argus march sixteenth eighteen thirty nine.
Prediction is: i bace o a sagle hamit in the smalles corter of which the members could have ponlegad ther tele ar about sevrnty stakes of zin and about seven hudred cortinised words each ward and stake with its ful complmn of officers and prected corginisations | actual is: in place of a single hamlet in the smallest corner of which the members could have congregated there now are about seventy stakes of zion and about seven hundred organized wards each ward and stake with its full complement of officers and priesthood organizations.
Prediction is: soeon thousns of converts had rented er purchest tomes a misery a depededs cecxontantin being their seter bu from the first an the wer unpopar um of the miserians | actual is: soon thousands of converts had rented or purchased homes in missouri independence jackson county being their center but from the first they were unpopular among the missourians.
Prediction is: fiwiled be observed that it organized mob ated by miny of the sivil andmillitary offisers of misery was covern er bogs at their head hav bid the promidedt acters ind this business inceited two it appears against the mormants by political hatred and by the aditional motics of pluder an revege | actual is: it will be observed that an organized mob aided by many of the civil and military officers of missouri with governor boggs at their head have been the prominent actors in this business incited too it appears against the mormons by political hatred and by the additional motives of plunder and revenge.
Prediction is: o the sixt of ape aigh te en thirty picture tro gecehis quice of letterday sants was formnlyn orgonized a tust took ont alygo existence | actual is: on the sixth of april eighteen thirty the church of jesus christ of latter day saints was formally organized and thus took on a legal existence.
Prediction is: the practis of gathering its prossligtes into one place prevent the boling up and stransning afor in graches and in as much as expencis and strong orgnizations or selden that with abrod very aroius i de as exised consering the strante of the church | actual is: the practise of gathering its proselytes into one place prevents the building up and strengthening of foreign branches and inasmuch as extensive and strong organizations are seldom met with abroad very erroneous ideas exist concerning the strength of the church.
Prediction is: ther eys were fron the first turned in an tisipation towrd the evning som but mearly that the work of prosslidyg shoul becarried on if the wast but the the head couares of the church should be there is tablished | actual is: their eyes were from the first turned in anticipation toward the evening sun not merely that the work of proselyting should be carried on in the west but that the headquarters of the church should be there established.
Prediction is: who bega the quorl was it the worments | actual is: who began the quarrel was it the mormons.
Prediction is: it is notable that the anien tripes have gerly eregardted the roliging ofthe latter day snates with faver seeing in the bookl mormen  stratking a grement with er rontriditions | actual is: it is notable that the indian tribes have generally regarded the religion of the latter day saints with favor seeing in the book of mormon striking agreement with their own traditions.
Prediction is: to the sesont laterday sait thatemple is notsively achurch poding a house for rilitdicsiscembly | actual is: to the fervent latter day saint a temple is not simply a church building a house for religious assembly.
Prediction is: tamericanschol boayse med with immotions of hore of  e olagenses griven betennin kiled with a paple ligat directend the buhry and e thafled wah hunted and houded like beats as ne fect of a will techre and they yet chal meed if the histry of their own country of sens as theriable as thes ain th exibition of ajustce oald inim at hate | actual is: american school boys read with emotions of horror of the albigenses driven beaten and killed with a papal legate directing the butchery and of the vaudois hunted and hounded like beasts as the effect of a royal decree and they yet shall read in the history of their own country of scenes as terrible as these in the exhibition of injustice and inhuman hate.
Prediction is: a small settledtent had been tonded by morment samvillies on shol creak and here of the thirtieous otouc tober eighteen thirty agt a combniy of two hundred and forty to upon the happl sedtlers and wich erdiscor | actual is: a small settlement had been founded by mormon families on shoal creek and here on the thirtieth of october eighteen thirty eight a company of two hundred and forty fell upon the hapless settlers and butchered a score.
Prediction is: be atdse to the oter of sume of the offisers entrusted with a terible comition that wen theileard its trusignificens they resied ther athorty rather than hav anything to do with what they doesinited a cold lhated bihury | actual is: be it said to the honor of some of the officers entrusted with the terrible commission that when they learned its true significance they resigned their authority rather than have anything to do with what they designated a cold blooded butchery.
Prediction is: tho lhe tenrint covernher lolbeen to y you bovgs after ware geverner was a prounsedta worman hater and throtte peried of the troubls he manif has as simpaly with the perceturs | actual is: the lieutenant governor lilburn w boggs afterward governor was a pronounced mormon hater and throughout the period of the troubles he manifested sympathy with the persecutors.
Prediction is: the first  well snatly seaet of the church was an the prity litle ton of phertln do higl almos with in sight of lake tery cid heresoon rose the first temple of motern times | actual is: the first well established seat of the church was in the pretty little town of kirtland ohio almost within sight of lake erie and here soon rose the first temple of modern times.
Prediction is: othes sutltys accur insie each at besod the tehturs sparkling with wit information and insight | actual is: other subtleties occur inside each episode the textures sparkling with wit information and insight.
Prediction is: but tuch s a navls bruting parercose from captain memo | actual is: but much of the novel is brooding power comes from captain nemo.
Prediction is: and in this last action he falls into the clasixen of pried | actual is: and in this last action he falls into the classic sin of pride.
Prediction is: dis vestfeccasions for an opend see sumarin ad aself contaning diving sud wor deccaes before their tome yet motern tet noligye ther s the mout criulncently | actual is: his specifications for an open sea submarine and a self contained diving suit were decades before their time yet modern technology bears them out triumphantly.
Prediction is: e ven ni supporting castd as srudly dron professo arnacs the carer sintist cout in an eical conflect cha say the composs of classafvire who supplise humuris taglis for vernis fast facs the har o noer ned lan to a creature of constan ot the ties man as he relic animma | actual is: even the supporting cast is shrewdly drawn professor aronnax the career scientist caught in an ethical conflict conseil the compulsive classifier who supplies humorous tag lines for verne is fast facts the harpooner ned land a creature of constant appetites man as heroic animal.
Prediction is: thiis swifly punished | actual is: he is swiftly punished.
Prediction is: gram refhly onete wheny agth of anase | actual is: gram roughly one twenty eighth of an ounce.
Prediction is: this realidy begains to xclained dark pawer and other worldly facination of twenty thosand lees undeof the sass | actual is: this reality begins to explain the dark power and otherworldly fascination of twenty thousand leagues under the seas.
Prediction is: formany den dis pook his beenasorcse of fasination suwrly one of the most inplulential novls evear ritn and insperation for suche sintest andiscoverers as ingener siman lake o should ot erfer will young bebe poler tavelers ire earnist schacltain | actual is: for many then this book has been a source of fascination surely one of the most influential novels ever written an inspiration for such scientists and discoverers as engineer simon lake oceanographer william beebe polar traveler sir ernest shackleton.
Prediction is: in al the notwil head a difficall t justation | actual is: in all the novel had a difficult gestation.
Prediction is: the notales nearly parishes in the antartike ant me mo tins in to a growing depresion | actual is: the nautilus nearly perishes in the antarctic and nemo sinks into a growing depression.
Prediction is: mila gram grefhly one twenty eigh thousin of an ece | actual is: milligram roughly one twenty eight thousand of an ounce.
Prediction is: it is aw most beyond conjecture | actual is: it is almost beyond conjecture.
Prediction is: this com posion leas ney mo intoutly contedations his a fiter for freedom yet all hebord his ship ar impresont there for good he worked to savlives oth human and adimal if  thumself creaes a hollacost he detests impirialis om get he lase pirsonal clame to the seutell | actual is: this compulsion leads nemo into ugly contradictions he is a fighter for freedom yet all who board his ship are imprisoned there for good he works to save lives both human and animal yet he himself creates a holocaust he detests imperialism yet he lays personal claim to the south pole.
Prediction is: na mo builts a fadulas futur is tic semoriing the nautilas than kinduts an underwarter campaing of fengiens against his imperalest apressser | actual is: nemo builds a fabulous futuristic submarine the nautilus then conducts an underwater campaign of vengeance against his imperialist oppressor.
Prediction is: leter reuhly one cuars | actual is: liter roughly one quart.
Prediction is: milla maiter roghly one twheny fis of aninch | actual is: millimeter roughly one twenty fifth of an inch.
Prediction is: meer reuhly one yard thre entions | actual is: meter roughly one yard three inches.
Prediction is: ferst as a paras thougt broker later as ta sellabraad ater and yotsman he went o n freeqend forages to brite america the teti t ranin | actual is: first as a paris stockbroker later as a celebrated author and yachtsman he went on frequent voyages to britain america the mediterranean.
Prediction is: fatm stis feet | actual is: fathom six feet.
Prediction is: she was a large homly women they were com ond white people wits no repetestion in the commanity | actual is: she was a large homely woman they were common white people with no reputation in the community.
Prediction is: andnever yneweh but one man who could ever prase him | actual is: i never knew of but one man who could ever please him.
Prediction is: the dackton who atended the ingr creature in this gace was semply to hat she slirpe and feld own the stars as she was coming dan | actual is: the doctor who attended the injured creature in this case was simply told that she slipped and fell down stairs as she was coming down.
Prediction is: sustantally dis was jekeofs ungarnished description of his master and mistes | actual is: substantially this was jacob is unvarnished description of his master and mistress.
Prediction is: of staring i did o now theway to cim | actual is: of starting i did not know the way to come.
Prediction is: he werke ma very hard he wine tod be being me all the tim | actual is: he worked me very hard he wanted to be beating me all the time.
Prediction is: jon wesley combash jake of taler n tmistetward sinner | actual is: john wesley combash jacob taylor and thomas edward skinner.
Prediction is: from the manner in which she expressed himself wouth hou gord o raver holan no man anthe hol range of his recelletions wiul be long tho remembered an he his in thrm ant whill under halan will hardly everbe forgatt | actual is: from the manner in which he expressed himself with regard to robert hollan no man in the whole range of his recollections will be longer remembered than he his enthralment while under hollan will hardly ever be forgotten.
Prediction is: as he is rot nothing was done in the way of prushten | actual is: as usual nothing was done in the way of punishment.
Prediction is: it is wharbley necessary to say more of theim here | actual is: it is hardly necessary to say more of them here.
Prediction is: as e is age and as of the nat of his master jakehu statement very somewate from the avrtisment | actual is: as to his age and also the name of his master jacob is statement varied somewhat from the advertisement.
Prediction is: this his what ded the misthiof so far as the runing a way was concern | actual is: this was what did the mischief so far as the running away was concerned.
Prediction is: adnothe cas sair jon wesly was a little girl half gron who was washing wendosup stars one day and unlukaly felloslyp in windowm and in this position was fond o her mistes in arage the mister s he had her a hapvby slap not her out of the rindow and she feld to the gafemet and doed in a fewrhours from the affets thereee | actual is: another case said john wesley was a little girl half grown who was washing windows up stairs one day and unluckily fell asleep in the window and in this position was found by her mistress in a rage the mistress hit her a heavy slap knocked her out of the window and she fell to the pavement and died in a few hours from the effects thereof.
Prediction is: of this porty ad word a by of seventeen covh th much sempity he to was claimed by hoen | actual is: of this party edward a boy of seventeen called forth much sympathy he too was claimed by hollan.
Prediction is: if ye urs bhak one f their is laves acochmen was kept on the cochsfas one coled niht when they were out atd abo and tonied bhe came amost fros in to death in fet he dood di in the infermory from the effecte of the frast a bot oneleapftewards | actual is: a few years back one of their slaves a coachman was kept on the coach box one cold night when they were out at a ball until he became almost frozen to death in fact he did die in the infirmary from the effects of the frost about one week afterwards.
Prediction is: cosa was my man serven | actual is: conseil was my manservant.
Prediction is: and yed woet a fined galant lat | actual is: and yet what a fine gallant lad.
Prediction is: clasiving was everything to him so lhe de nothing ou well her asiatery of classfoccasion he was porly virst in his pratcal aplication and i dow that he e telespurm wel from a beliin wale | actual is: classifying was everything to him so he knew nothing else well versed in the theory of classification he was poorly versed in its practical application and i doubt that he could tell a sperm whale from a baleen whale.
Prediction is: thasins of hancr chifses were waving above thes tightly pact masses haling the avbr ham lankin untillat reached the waters of the huts on river at the tip of the long proenciulo that formsit nhey yarciti | actual is: thousands of handkerchiefs were waving above these tightly packed masses hailing the abraham lincoln until it reached the waters of the hudson river at the tip of the long peninsula that forms new york city.
Prediction is: even so i had just return from an arguus juriny exostevd and badly nating a rest | actual is: even so i had just returned from an arduous journey exhausted and badly needing a rest.
Prediction is: i left instrutions for sheping ly contaners of stufed animls ands drad plance to paras france | actual is: i left instructions for shipping my containers of stuffed animals and dried plants to paris france.
Prediction is: osay i caled a thir tom cosay aferd | actual is: conseil i called a third time conseil appeared.
Prediction is: frorm reting sholdes with sin is san i little y nif eursepbo the tetanicale arnens the boy had come to now a thing erta | actual is: from rubbing shoulders with scientists in our little universe by the botanical gardens the boy had come to know a thing or two.
Prediction is: i o mene a lone of cred it sufficion to cover the bobarusa and com say at my dils a jump t into the carah | actual is: i opened a line of credit sufficient to cover the babirusa and conseil at my heels i jumped into a carriage.
Prediction is: a how wilelevenstutions to ship the hoe an asury to france | actual is: anyhow we will leave instructions to ship the whole menagerie to france.
Prediction is: but now nothing could hod my back | actual is: but now nothing could hold me back.
Prediction is: therewas good reason to stoppand think even for the worlsmost e motion less man | actual is: there was good reason to stop and think even for the world is most emotionless man.
Prediction is: hen persson walk ovorid professar your caben his wating for you | actual is: in person welcome aboard professor your cabin is waiting for you.
Prediction is: thut wer going just the same | actual is: but we are going just the same.
Prediction is: i was well satisfodt with my cabin which was lokated in te starn and opened enti the offices mes | actual is: i was well satisfied with my cabin which was located in the stern and opened into the officers mess.
Prediction is: thr secons before the aravl of jaby hobsons leter i know mor dramd ofchaein the unacon thand of try for the nartwest passage | actual is: three seconds before the arrival of j b hobson is letter i no more dreamed of chasing the unicorn than of trying for the northwest passage.
Prediction is: and so if i had been delae by a qorder of an oray even leus the fr it wold have gone with out me and iwould hive mest out on this onbarthly extroaretd nary ad inconcevable expedition whos trus tory mightwell mae with sumescapto sism  | actual is: and so if i would been delayed by a quarter of an hour or even less the frigate would have gone without me and i would have missed out on this unearthly extraordinary and inconceivable expedition whose true story might well meet with some skepticism.
Prediction is: wil thee quite coftible here i telld canta | actual is: we will be quite comfortable here i told conseil.
Prediction is: you san y friend its a is u of the monster that notarios nar wi | actual is: you see my friend it is an issue of the monster the notorious narwhale.
Prediction is: ar bagitch was imedianely caied to the deck of the frinkit i rushed abort | actual is: our baggage was immediately carried to the deck of the frigate i rushed aboard.
Prediction is: plice forgivemy for this under had a bray of imiting that i had turnek forty | actual is: please forgive me for this underhanded way of admitting i had turned forty.
Prediction is: ded mast er soman ne he said entering | actual is: did master summon me he said entering.
Prediction is: a rout slightly lest erect that so | actual is: a route slightly less direct that is all.
Prediction is: he was a fonatic on formality ad he anly addresed me an the thired person to the pliint were a gat hirastom | actual is: he was a fanatic on formality and he only addressed me in the third person to the point where it got tiresome.
Prediction is: we havd a commander whose game for any thing | actual is: we have a commander who is game for anything.
Prediction is: i watded nothing mor than to see by cuntry again my friends my lodest corters bothe ataical gardnens my darly belater colections | actual is: i wanted nothing more than to see my country again my friends my modest quarters by the botanical gardens my dearly beloved collections.
Prediction is: were leving on the aber ham lankin | actual is: we are leaving on the abraham lincoln.
Prediction is: hane o the sailers letma to the after jack where iy stood in the presence of a smat loking officer wo xtend id his hand to me | actual is: one of the sailors led me to the afterdeck where i stood in the presence of a smart looking officer who extended his hand to me.
Prediction is: we don no wher t wil tlites | actual is: we do not know where it will take us.
Prediction is: yes we are sertenly i repli evaciely but avtery ligkt i de toer | actual is: yes we are certainly i replied evasively but after we make a detour.
Prediction is: the worfs if bricklin an doevery part of the yar fordtering the easet river be croudit with curiosity sakers | actual is: the wharves of brooklyn and every part of new york bordering the east river were crowded with curiosity seekers.
Prediction is: pack as much into my tunk as you can my chaling kit my sus he shurs and socx do not bother counting just squesit all lin and hurry | actual is: pack as much into my trunk as you can my traveling kit my suits shirts and socks do not bother counting just squeeze it all in and hurry.
Prediction is: departing from thouve hundred thous an thros thre cher s burst forithin succession | actual is: departing from five hundred thousand throats three cheers burst forth in succession.
Prediction is: i askd her commander  fara | actual is: i asked for commander farragut.
Prediction is: never ded hye object to bukling up his su clas for any country hate ever china are the congo no lat er how faur ofit was | actual is: never did he object to buckling up his suitcase for any country whatever china or the congo no matter how far off it was.
Prediction is: chapter three as master wishes | actual is: chapter three as master wishes.
Prediction is: he wet heere thare and evywere and prefect contantment | actual is: he went here there and everywhere in perfect contentment.
Prediction is: will deil agaim later wlas | actual is: we will deal with them later what.
Prediction is: not once dad he coment on the langkh or the hartchips of the jary | actual is: not once did he comment on the length or the hardships of a journey.
Prediction is: adison was intolerent o shaman shoty and nothing wid sotes fy in thit could not stand caseegxainationb li rescoe tes to and gelthenomeber | actual is: edison was intolerant of sham and shoddy and nothing would satisfy him that could not stand cross examination by microscope test tube and galvanometer.
Prediction is: the strong position held by the etirs ainsisten undo the strenuwas copotation it was alrady springing up was anomusly improved by the intreduction of a thre whyre sistim and hy gave an amedy hat emprtece to incendes of litin | actual is: the strong position held by the edison system under the strenuous competition that was already springing up was enormously improved by the introduction of the three wire system and it gave an immediate impetus to incandescent lighting.
Prediction is: he habtain the desired speed and lord whut a ficthom blak all so regulited of spend but witin fore hin decatered a vheirafiid | actual is: he obtained the desired speed and load with a friction brake also regulator of speed but waited for an indicator to verify it.
Prediction is: in this cinection it chould be mention that the sociation of evision aluminating comparnes in the same year adopted resalusiod jud adimouslay t  e effect that the edisidmeder was actur and that itsuus was not expensiite for stations of bove one thous af lits and that the best fomatual results were invariably secur an a station semeing curat by neter | actual is: in this connection it should be mentioned that the association of edison illuminating companies in the same year adopted resolutions unanimously to the effect that the edison meter was accurate and that its use was not expensive for stations above one thousand lights and that the best financial results were invariably secured in a station selling current by meter.
Prediction is: it was specialy shuded for  tril pla al so in the arly days when he eal ter sicsor eght lanpced to the horsepo of was consider subdet for canragulation | actual is: it was specially suited for a trial plant also in the early days when a yield of six or eight lamps to the horse power was considered subject for congratulation.
Prediction is: they were later ouris as raserve bisheng is anfinly with te enjien retired from servise aspart of ber coection ove ad a somia but they remain inpractigy is good condition as won installdin eighteen a nthiry | actual is: they were later used as reserve machines and finally with the engine retired from service as part of the collection of edisonia but they remain in practically as good condition as when installed in eighteen eighty three.
Prediction is: there was infinits sceptices an a round im on the subject and wi other inbenters wore alsal giving the sobdict verithout the public tiket for granded that any thing sho uterly intagable as alectrecity that could not be seen orwad and only gave secondaryavidens of itself at the exactforted use whould not be brought to accuat registration | actual is: there was infinite scepticism around him on the subject and while other inventors were also giving the subject their thought the public took it for granted that anything so utterly intangible as electricity that could not be seen or weighed and only gave secondary evidence of itself at the exact point of use could not be brought to accurate registration.
Prediction is: every thing he as don has been amd that the conserbation of emagy the contracthion of space the intencipication of culsture | actual is: everything he has done has been aimed at the conservation of energy the contraction of space the intensification of culture.
Prediction is: the probem was sod | actual is: the problem was solved.
Prediction is: thes standred avasan meder practis was to remove the sels once umonth to the mether rm of the senctralstatin complany fore examination another sat the ing substituben | actual is: the standard edison meter practice was to remove the cells once a month to the meter room of the central station company for examination another set being substituted.
Prediction is: mister adicen was a leater for a had of the time | actual is: mister edison was a leader far ahead of the time.
Prediction is: the princibl mployd in the adison alectralitic medi is that which exemplefised the powero e lectricity do dekem pose atcemmical substans | actual is: the principle employed in the edison electrolytic meter is that which exemplifies the power of electricity to decompose a chemical substance.
Prediction is: evis onheld that the lectrorcity sold must the mesure just like gas or water an he preceieded to devellop ameder | actual is: edison held that the electricity sold must be measured just like gas or water and he proceeded to develop a meter.
Prediction is: on las he could sicure and engion of smo the roning and more exackaly govern en lriguly itd the toe a valible for hs dinamle and la avisind realie that he would find it almost im possibl to give a stading liht | actual is: unless he could secure an engine of smoother running and more exactly governed and regulated than those available for his dynamo and lamp edison realized that he would find it almost impossible to give a steady light.
Prediction is: the arklamp ind stalld out sidt accostemerst promisees or in the scertet for pubac stretp litin burnd so many hours nightly sha mandy nights in the mon anwas pad for at that reat subded to re bad four hours when the lap miht be out thou ractionat | actual is: the arc lamp installed outside a customer is premises or in a circuit for public street lighting burned so many hours nightly so many nights in the month and was paid for at that rate subject to rebate for hours when the lamp might be out through accident.
Prediction is: asocated with thi simple form of aparadse were berious ingenious detals and refined aensto secur regularity of opration fr them from inacuracy and imirity from such tampering as would promit fafftive curant ordamege | actual is: associated with this simple form of apparatus were various ingenious details and refinements to secure regularity of operation freedom from inaccuracy and immunity from such tampering as would permit theft of current or damage.
Prediction is: the danemo aleccrt mache tosmall whas  rl buhed fougr under all the veryin speds of water poer and of he sisitudgs of the plant to which at belond it continued in actius onto eighteen ni de nin seventy years | actual is: the dynamo electric machine though small was robust for under all the varying speeds of water power and the vicissitudes of the plant to which it belonged it continued in active use until eighteen ninety nine seventeen years.
Prediction is: but want ied cami to be qustion of liting as scattered shuberad a guop of dwalis on the houtscorts o wmot country resibans or of farmhoulse tre alternating curets in all ament saveid sdanger was an is ide | actual is: but when it came to be a question of lighting a scattered suburb a group of dwellings on the outskirts a remote country residence or a farm house the alternating current in all elements save its danger was and is ideal.
Prediction is: there meseris jouncid and ham her put into practis meany of the ideas no standed in t nart and shecored much usful dat o for the workin the ork of which the story has justben to | actual is: there messrs johnson and hammer put into practice many of the ideas now standard in the art and secured much useful data for the work in new york of which the story has just been told.
Prediction is: ther se was no good reas on for believing tetabale ch ange | actual is: there seems no good reason for believing that it will change.
Prediction is: the meter continued in general serva sduring igte nihty nin an probably upto the close of the suntury | actual is: the meter continued in general service during eighteen ninety nine and probably up to the close of the century.
Prediction is: the paris plan like that at the crespal pales was at temprary exebi | actual is: the paris plant like that at the crystal palace was a temporary exhibit.
Prediction is: avison had hin stal his an stork first great suntral station systen en me work on the motable arxistam covered by his feter and man envention which resulted in anotable saing in the cost of condoctus as against de streat two whir sustemnt u out o bho tre kid | actual is: edison had installed his historic first great central station system in new york on the multiple arc system covered by his feeder and main invention which resulted in a notable saving in the cost of conductors as against a straight two wire system throughout of the tree kind.
Prediction is: oing to his insistence on lol presure  derec curt for use in dencely populat a distris as the only savfe andtruly universal profitable away o delivering alectrcal energy to the counsumers atisine has been flrequatly spoken of as an appodent of thei alternating cot | actual is: owing to his insistence on low pressure direct current for use in densely populated districts as the only safe and truly universal profitable way of delivering electrical energy to the consumers edison has been frequently spoken of as an opponent of the alternating current.
Prediction is: he wad and rewa the neter place an pesued every lind of anvestigation amaginale bot all and va | actual is: he weighed and reweighed the meter plates and pursued every line of investigation imaginable but all in vain.
Prediction is: it could not be yused fo alectorplating or deposition nor houte chagetoolage batris all of which are easilly within the abotlety of the diraccut | actual is: it could not be used for electroplating or deposition nor could it charge storage batteries all of which are easily within the ability of the direct current.
Prediction is: he fell bhe was up agehtit and that peraps an ofther tie of a jo would sodin boter | actual is: he felt he was up against it and that perhaps another kind of a job would suit him better.
Prediction is: rt as the praris on freean thaght es the wons that swet them he issitiosin praticaly upose to lussion wasfal mohis teplans of emby that neglect the poor  the gat | actual is: broad as the prairies and free in thought as the winds that sweep them he is idiosyncratically opposed to loose and wasteful methods to plans of empire that neglect the poor at the gate.
Prediction is: fo sha yars it was not found peasable t oprea moders on alternating concerkets ind that reason was offan erged agaensted seriously | actual is: for some years it was not found feasible to operate motors on alternating current circuits and that reason was often urged against it seriously.
Prediction is: we had neterss in which theye were two botdls of lickith | actual is: we had meters in which there were two bottles of liquid.
Prediction is: why it we arrectistation ot the fals it is a greated conoml to gett id up ti tacity | actual is: why if we erect a station at the falls it is a great economy to get it up to the city.
Prediction is: i thinke was perhavpse morea preciodif that i was of the disupplon of the etisin constuction tepon and thought it would be well fr us awaidt un til the morning the forth befolre westorte u | actual is: i think he was perhaps more appreciative than i was of the discipline of the edison construction department and thought it would be well for us to wait until the morning of the fourth before we started up.
Prediction is: me while he had calld upon me to makeha report of the hree warsiste non a ingland as the hupcinsin bote doctor john hotcinson and mister aticen bing indepeet and benners a practicaly the same time | actual is: meanwhile he had called upon me to make a report of the three wire system known in england as the hopkinson both doctor john hopkinson and mister edison being independent inventors at practically the same time.
Prediction is: w er more entestad in thetagnical condition of the station than in the comersal pot | actual is: we were more interested in the technical condition of the station than in the commercial part.
Prediction is: poludhm plihant wos las tamparary but ot permonit supplying beforet was towrn out no fewre than three sous on laumps in hotels curchens stores and dwalings and he eciityof holbong byada | actual is: the london plant was less temporary but not permanent supplying before it was torn out no fewer than three thousand lamps in hotels churches stores and dwellings in the vicinity of holborn viaduct.
Prediction is: but theplint ran and it was the first tho we whire statiof an this country | actual is: but the plant ran and it was the first three wire station in this country.
Prediction is: then again there was no no wha two wuprtade an anon fore contenuash runng and mistradic in an form ma that as am aren angon started before ther ship lef m yor and contiued roning until at reached it s ol port so a engon for hispurpesis mostprduce whight at all tames | actual is: then again there was no known way to lubricate an engine for continuous running and mister edison informed me that as a marine engine started before the ship left new york and continued running until it reached its home port so an engine for his purposes must produce light at all times.
Prediction is: he son for seaw that still greater a conama would be nescessary fore commertial succese not alone forthe largur cenar joy opening but for that compac distric of ligesities | actual is: he soon foresaw that still greater economy would be necessary for commercial success not alone for the larger territory opening but for the compact districts of large cities.
Prediction is: in december eighteen adia mister dobo ja jens red an intersting prapoer or befoe the americ an insto tut ofv lecterclengomears ol me sicurs of practical exprerionce had up to that time with a meder then more guneraly inuse then an theother | actual is: in december eighteen eighty eight mister w j jenks read an interesting paper before the american institute of electrical engineers on the six years of practical experience had up to that time with the meter then more generally in use than any other.
Prediction is: thi stre gonducters ere of the over had full ine onstructio a wer an stalled by the construchion compan a tha had been orgenized by abisentof billd anyquip s untre stations | actual is: the street conductors were of the overhead pole line construction and were installed by the construction company that had been organized by edison to build and equip central stations.
Prediction is: the others having bed in opperation to shorta time to show dehnit rsals all though they also on quickly to a divid anvacios | actual is: the others having been in operation too short a time to show definite results although they also went quickly to a dividend basis.
Prediction is: hanse the avisan alectolitic meder is no longer used dispid its actialan qualiis | actual is: hence the edison electrolytic meter is no longer used despite its excellent qualities.
Prediction is: a subject was a very noble one ie descrived the most fanos etion in whech tyfenian people wer eper ingaghed | actual is: the subject was a very noble one he described the most famous action in which the athenian people were ever engaged.
Prediction is: many las etxistom moas which hi the countrpart of yo worse as the wor in the old en time | actual is: many laws exist among us which are the counterpart of yours as they were in the olden time.
Prediction is: i will reefly descryom to you in i shall me the accoute of them a sru lieasure an tha saewricd ragestures | actual is: i will briefly describe them to you and you shall read the account of them at your leisure in the sacred registers.
Prediction is: the gnialiges whicho have re citeto as out of you on anal solen ar ame childen story | actual is: the genealogies which you have recited to us out of your own annals solon are a mere children is story.
Prediction is: and whant was the subject of the poor said the person io ma o y mark | actual is: and what was the subject of the poem said the person who made the remark.
Prediction is: but in eachipt the treditions of her own and oter lans ar my asragstrd for ever in our temples | actual is: but in egypt the traditions of our own and other lands are by us registered for ever in our temples.
Prediction is: tellis said the other the hol stoy nd where solen hear thi story | actual is: tell us said the other the whole story and where solon heard the story.
Prediction is: but i would not spek ot a tie be ase i wanted to efresh my memory | actual is: but i would not speak at the time because i wanted to refresh my memory.
Prediction is: the most fainis of the all was the over fel of the ilent of a plantis | actual is: the most famous of them all was the overthrow of the island of atlantis.
Prediction is: niin thousand years hade yu last sans she found ed you rs and e thousen sand he found ed ars as er anals r qard | actual is: nine thousand years have elapsed since she founded yours and eight thousand since she founded ours as our annals record.
Prediction is: some pons of solen were recited bythe boace | actual is: some poems of solon were recited by the boys.
Prediction is: and thown he desieres to see the ideal stat sat inmotio i wol likt to no how she ehaved in some great strugle | actual is: and now he desires to see the ideal state set in motion he would like to know how she behaved in some great struggle.
Prediction is: i will ifto me as af promse i apbrove | actual is: i will if timaeus approves i approve.
Prediction is: this is the exlanation of the shalos which are fod in that hart of the atrinty oshen | actual is: this is the explanation of the shallows which are found in that part of the atlantic ocean.
Prediction is: obsevrgain what here alock to in the persson os wisten serching oult adee things of the worl and aplyingd them to tes of men | actual is: observe again what care the law took in the pursuit of wisdom searching out the deep things of the world and applying them to the use of man.
Prediction is: for in the tines bet fore h great flo atengs was the greatest and bast of cities nddid the noblas deds and had the bast consicution of any unter tefice of heaven | actual is: for in the times before the great flood athens was the greatest and best of cities and did the noblest deeds and had the best constitution of any under the face of heaven.
Prediction is: for at the par opf her al existence n hen the other halings had deserted her she repeleding vater and other ond a quor gave liteteacho all the nations within dopillors | actual is: for at the peril of her own existence and when the other hellenes had deserted her she repelled the invader and of her own accord gave liberty to all the nations within the pillars.
Prediction is: fof the memiory of thei expoitcs havd passd awe oing to the laps of tine and the extintion of the aters | actual is: but the memory of their exploits has passed away owing to the lapse of time and the extinction of the actors.
Prediction is: an therefore to you iturn t mes sitis n of wacros ar at wons uf the loveffor in a statsmen andto you credious whom all o thenins no to be sinulaly acomplished into her mokrtes was also fited by netu and edication to shere in ar this chorse | actual is: and therefore to you i turn timaeus citizen of locris who are at once a philosopher and a statesman and to you critias whom all athenians know to be similarly accomplished and to hermocrates who is also fitted by nature and education to share in our discourse.
Prediction is: en nowlent me expline to you the woder of ar intertanint first timeus whas a nmatual for losofer wo speaek of the moragen of the world going dowin to t e creation of men and then i shall meseve the men whom he has treatetd ind someof hom will hav be egic to by you and intu jusethn to you as the lost the fein siisns of wonlyjitien raid spoke | actual is: then now let me explain to you the order of our entertainment first timaeus who is a natural philosopher will speak of the origin of the world going down to the creation of man and then i shall receive the men whom he has created and some of whom will have been educated by you and introduce them to you as the lost athenian citizens of whom the egyptian record spoke.
Prediction is: lissn banof sucreties jlatail of solece who being te friend of jrotidus my gre gren father toded to my gran father credious and he told me | actual is: listen then socrates to a tale of solon is who being the friend of dropidas my great grandfather told it to my grandfather critias and he told me.
Prediction is: sorities begins tit t mes with a sulary ofte republick | actual is: socrates begins the timaeus with a summary of the republic.
Prediction is: solown marhold and desire to be ng formed of the porticulors | actual is: solon marvelled and desired to be informed of the particulars.
Prediction is: they were of sor in his taligy and were oler d o the minion of his name wil that wht was tule retd intruly corectu ios sicin him is affor t ealis ind connet obstrections was not understood by them atd al | actual is: they were absorbed in his theology and were under the dominion of his name while that which was truly great and truly characteristic in him his effort to realize and connect abstractions was not understood by them at all.
Prediction is: ut platol has not te same mestury over his instumen which he sid it sin the fegurous ore sompus hi | actual is: but plato has not the same mastery over his instrument which he exhibits in the phaedrus or symposium.
Prediction is: we do not kno ho plato would have aranged his on dilos were wetther the thout of eranging any of hem besie ti tu trillocesewhich he has expressly conected was evmer presen o his mind | actual is: we do not know how plato would have arranged his own dialogues or whether the thought of arranging any of them besides the two trilogies which he has expressly connected was ever present to his mind.
Prediction is: with heraates he acnoleges the propatual tflous lik an ecaderus he asservs the pro doinens of min athough amitting and eleiment of  i cusity which reason is incatbl of sofduin bik tho piffeteveons he suposes the mistry of the world to be contaned in lumber | actual is: with heracleitus he acknowledges the perpetual flux like anaxagoras he asserts the predominance of mind although admitting an element of necessity which reason is incapable of subduing like the pythagoreans he supposes the mystery of the world to be contained in number.
Prediction is: the dialo isriarly concered with  ama reshe incloding onder this tur the heavolly bodis and with man oly as one amond the enimals | actual is: the dialogue is primarily concerned with the animal creation including under this term the heavenly bodies and with man only as one among the animals.
Prediction is: the tile and wlen of the t neus difer greatly from that of any other of the lotonyc dilos | actual is: the style and plan of the timaeus differ greatly from that of any other of the platonic dialogues.
Prediction is: but in e rest of the work the power of langwoid sems thef faile him and the jrematic for is holy givenut | actual is: but in the rest of the work the power of language seems to fail him and the dramatic form is wholly given up.
Prediction is: he pases of bruatly from persness to ideos and lumbers and fom ideos and numbers the perses from the heavense to man frorm as thonomy to pysalicy e confuses a reter dhis not thestinguish subject and ubjent firs and file ases and isdmeaning of jumetiale figurs lost in a fles of sens | actual is: he passes abruptly from persons to ideas and numbers and from ideas and numbers to persons from the heavens to man from astronomy to physiology he confuses or rather does not distinguish subject and object first and final causes and is dreaming of geometrical figures lost in a flux of sense.
Prediction is: plantel had not the commen of his nterials which would have inavled him co pregisef perfict work of or | actual is: plato had not the command of his materials which would have enabled him to produce a perfect work of art.
Prediction is: but he hads not as yet the find tis antometiattertoy which lite somewaar retwee medicin in the tmatis and he would have feld that there was a fleet an inpiet hen rinking feuis of fysisfurst in the worder of nolage as inplasind hit body before the soul | actual is: but he has not as yet defined this intermediate territory which lies somewhere between medicine and mathematics and he would have felt that there was as great an impiety in ranking theories of physics first in the order of knowledge as in placing the body before the soul.
Prediction is: but they hav noting to do with he injervitation of late and inspe the are apose to hi | actual is: but they have nothing to do with the interpretation of plato and in spirit they are opposed to him.
Prediction is: the igte es olso wemad but they hare become tipes in natur forms of men animost burs fichies | actual is: the ideas also remain but they have become types in nature forms of men animals birds fishes.
Prediction is: the fancy ofthe yeal platnists are only injristing to as begis they ecibet of these of the human min which revald witely in the first sentries of the pristion eua and is not wholy e tint in oauron de | actual is: the fancies of the neo platonists are only interesting to us because they exhibit a phase of the human mind which prevailed widely in the first centuries of the christian era and is not wholly extinct in our own day.
Prediction is: the isnl dangere of the madren comn taturs onder to neus fallon unte u  surdicies of tinel platniss | actual is: there is no danger of the modern commentators on the timaeus falling into the absurdities of the neo platonists.
Prediction is: inthis ifpose dhas of the s diale the neo plitness fon hidin  menins and connections withthe juishd ina qpristion stritures and out of them they elliseste boctriansquie at verience with thesfard of plate | actual is: in the supposed depths of this dialogue the neo platonists found hidden meanings and connections with the jewish and christian scriptures and out of them they elicited doctrines quite at variance with the spirit of plato.
Prediction is: he could rive in on sil but not in a naer if the greenclnguhis had not as yering fasion by a owit ere the loifer to descried fiysical fonomina | actual is: he could write in one style but not in another and the greek language had not as yet been fashioned by any poet or philosopher to describe physical phenomena.
Prediction is: it is probible tat the elation of thadees te god or of gar to the worl wa tiffre e conceved by him an differentimes of his life | actual is: it is probable that the relation of the ideas to god or of god to the world was differently conceived by him at different times of his life.
Prediction is: no thin in iceedt buty ere artofdin codution an whiach his using words ater his tecustom manner | actual is: nothing can exceed the beauty or art of the introduction in which he is using words after his accustomed manner.
Prediction is: the inflence which to to meis has exersize upon pistarite is du orreato a mhisunder standing | actual is: the influence with the timaeus has exercised upon posterity is due partly to a misunderstanding.
Prediction is: may if not all the ellimens of the precol creadic forlolofy are ingluded inthitineis | actual is: many if not all the elements of the pre socratic philosophy are included in the timaeus.
Prediction is: ther is a wons of slow an oten afde fac of witer the menn as somtimes sur an there is a greatr us of the osition and moore of retisshe bhen accurs and platos furlyar ritese | actual is: there is a want of flow and often a defect of rhythm the meaning is sometimes obscure and there is a greater use of apposition and more of repetition than occurs in plato is earlier writings.
Prediction is: and hese we find the same sort of coosyness int it tomes of plaite which crectrizens dif felas ococoone o lcrecios | actual is: and hence we find the same sort of clumsiness in the timaeus of plato which characterizes the philosophical poem of lucretius.
Prediction is: in the presenday we ar well a wer that an antiont feloe of her is tobeeng thiveted from himself and by the contempirarry his shre a thod | actual is: in the present day we are well aware that an ancient philosopher is to be interpreted from himself and by the contemporary history of thought.
Prediction is: but your paer s so suppear to any that i cand vance as to make us here fel that theire is nodisfrce in yelding to it | actual is: but your power is so superior to any that i can advance as to make us here feel that there is no disgrace in yielding to it.
Prediction is: quhite sanisfyve said eeve | actual is: quite satisfied said eva.
Prediction is: a remaye ther lone fom many hours buyt a muss adgnowls hat be fore elot the chamers i had graderly prah myself to look at the matter and aenother light | actual is: i remained there alone for many hours but i must acknowledge that before i left the chambers i had gradually brought myself to look at the matter in another light.
Prediction is: and a deth of which a drum could not a las | actual is: and the death of which i dreamt could not alas.
Prediction is: i shall be hapiy ty ta charteor them said serfor mando | actual is: i shall be happy to take charge of them said sir ferdinando.
Prediction is: ther came a an me a somen shock when i heard thes words which exceeded anthing which i havd yet fel | actual is: there came upon me a sudden shock when i heard these words which exceeded anything which i had yet felt.
Prediction is: thinkivf all this i wentouslly | actual is: thinking of all this i went to sleep.
Prediction is: o was to be taken away ind tarie to anlen wore elswhere were dround upon the voyage nd matter nowt which | actual is: i was to be taken away and carried to england or elsewhere or drowned upon the voyage it mattered not which.
Prediction is: and i have no oneready to ho li ching give ot the arise of ta govement | actual is: and i have no one ready to whom i can give up the archives of the government.
Prediction is: but one ot to delic cat mission asked | actual is: but what is the delicate mission i asked.
Prediction is: yo hve cometo us dhremning us with absolnt destruction | actual is: you have come to us threatening us with absolute destruction.
Prediction is: but it his sormi that you will find tof faculties in tae way of your entering at ontce ofpon your gover | actual is: but it is surmised that you will find difficulties in the way of your entering at once upon your government.
Prediction is: to day i shaten | actual is: to day i shouted.
Prediction is: the jon briaghk is arm it a leppn of gre hor a guenst which it is impossfble that the people onf prt ouloshould pevel | actual is: the john bright is armed with a weapon of great power against which it is impossible that the people of britannula should prevail.
Prediction is: how much of evl of rel acomplished evul ha there not accar taon me droing the last few das | actual is: how much of evil of real accomplished evil had there not occurred to me during the last few days.
Prediction is: not a do bhu had your forecepeen only doble er trobeoron i sholdhve fon ait my dute to shruglwith | actual is: not a doubt but had your force been only double or treble our own i should have found it my duty to struggle with you.
Prediction is: you will cary out with you wan hadrt men of ha nort nt wes bering ham regument which rl poly suffice for youre alscurty as it is thoght that if misere neter ben be tetdron the people wir rever ely to ther old haits afb o bedience | actual is: you will carry out with you one hundred men of the north north west birmingham regiment which will probably suffice for your own security as it is thought that if mister neverbend be withdrawn the people will revert easily to their old habits of obedience.
Prediction is: the pecurler  circumsenses of the cony ar withing your exolen ce is noge | actual is: the peculiar circumstances of the colony are within your excellency is knowledge.
Prediction is: at ispok i made him agracious bow and thick i showed him bo ma not i idress that i did not there anygruge as to my indiviedualself | actual is: as i spoke i made him a gracious bow and i think i showed him by my mode of address that i did not bear any grudge as to my individual self.
Prediction is: en of us always remains un pord whae the others on shure | actual is: one of us always remains on board while the other is on shore.
Prediction is: jac hatenstanding in the for cornr o the room talkin to evher a was now reduced to cilence by his praces | actual is: jack had been standing in the far corner of the room talking to eva and was now reduced to silence by his praises.
Prediction is: wetennent crostries as a very goant offiser | actual is: lieutenant crosstrees is a very gallant officer.
Prediction is: i and my wite ant son and the twho cress wellers and threeur foore others a gree to diumpor the shipt ond the next | actual is: i and my wife and son and the two craswellers and three or four others agreed to dine on board the ship on the next.
Prediction is: had ever cresswoller notp een golocking ha jacthin still a colage had sir cangtan awhl remaine in englon a mister bunit and a barkeper not succeted and stoply my carage on the hill shoul i have succeedeed in aranyg for the finond he parture of myl friend | actual is: had eva crasweller not been good looking had jack been still at college had sir kennington oval remained in england had mister bunnit and the bar keeper not succeeded in stopping my carriage on the hill should i have succeeded in arranging for the final departure of my old friend.
Prediction is: and this fielas adote too nd ore to  strack from me apromice that i woud depart and peace | actual is: and this plan was adopted too in order to extract from me a promise that i would depart in peace.
Prediction is: your paert is sufficien i sait | actual is: your power is sufficient i said.
Prediction is: of whatnessus never ben had gonthrgh ind provoding birdseasts and fiches not to talk of tarps and jellies for the dinner of that day no one but myself can had any ider but it must be amitted that she accomlases her tas with farow succes | actual is: of what missus neverbend had gone through in providing birds beasts and fishes not to talk of tarts and jellies for the dinner of that day no one but myself can have any idea but it must be admitted that she accomplished her task with thorough success.
Prediction is: then sai ser fer mandow there is nothing fore but that we must take you with him | actual is: then said sir ferdinando there is nothing for it but that he must take you with him.
Prediction is: therefore i few myself quite able ask presiden of this republic tor receve you with a curtecy du to the servance of a friendly alli | actual is: therefore i feel myself quite able as president of this republic to receive you with a courtesy due to the servants of a friendly ally.
Prediction is: it is founden on the agnowledge weatness of those who ur vid t a perid of lif at which men ceased to work | actual is: it is founded on the acknowledged weakness of those who survive that period of life at which men cease to work.
Prediction is: ovwer the came n your gom br  to cannat you | actual is: what would become of your gun were i to kidnap you.
Prediction is: or of the habits of hor people it is quitain possible | actual is: or of the habits of our people it is quite impossible.
Prediction is: sir canntin ovl is a very finm pire said my wife | actual is: sir kennington oval is a very fine player said my wife.
Prediction is: this i fel was pai to me hat engpresident oftherepulblick and i andeverd to be ha myself thth such mangl umilty and dignity as might be fit the ecasion but i cald not a feeld a something was wanting to the simplisity of mit wrdenary life | actual is: this i felt was paid to me as being president of the republic and i endeavoured to behave myself with such mingled humility and dignity as might befit the occasion but i could not but feel that something was wanting to the simplicity of my ordinary life.
Prediction is: no do in prossese of time the laise wiee fallow | actual is: no doubt in process of time the ladies will follow.
Prediction is: sir i have a incomman to ant form yur acxcolency the yu have that a ponted govener of the crown cony which as called writin nula | actual is: sir i have it in command to inform your excellency that you have been appointed governor of the crown colony which is called britannula.
Prediction is: i can a shore you he has not even alod me to see the trugger sinceti hae that o bor | actual is: i can assure you he has not even allowed me to see the trigger since i have been on board.
Prediction is: weare quite saisfid now captad dat alacs said my wife | actual is: we are quite satisfied now captain battleax said my wife.
Prediction is: you prorpose to ciuld not men i said | actual is: you propose to kidnap me i said.
Prediction is: this she said wash thru hosatowny tat i am na sure tha  denot agre with thet | actual is: this she said was true hospitality and i am not sure that i did not agree with her.
Prediction is: whol ca do now wut just la my self down an di | actual is: what could i do now but just lay myself down and die.
Prediction is: we sat with the officure some littl time after dener and then when a sore | actual is: we sat with the officers some little time after dinner and then went ashore.
Prediction is: that is all quite true mister never then said sir fir mando bran | actual is: that is all quite true mister neverbend said sir ferdinando brown.
Prediction is: my wife on mhe s for the moment manishd togaiv the jomn a very god diner | actual is: my wife on the spur of the moment managed to give the gentlemen a very good dinner.
Prediction is: we have a little shrouggles yere es else wher and all thange cannop pbe done by rose ware | actual is: we have our little struggles here as elsewhere and all things cannot be done by rose water.
Prediction is: they afe horse must all the alther | actual is: they of course must all be altered.
Prediction is: it is a duty said i | actual is: it is a duty said i.
Prediction is: i had come to your shurs massurpresiden with te prurpese of seeng how things a propressing and this dise quorter of the world | actual is: i have come to your shores mister president with the purpose of seeing how things are progressing in this distant quarter of the world.
Prediction is: thut inersllection of ac consitution the bertin neulius of onfortually allod themselsf bhut onedeliber assemly and hanse asprongheir presentof i cultis | actual is: but in their selection of a constitution the britannulists have unfortunately allowed themselves but one deliberative assembly and hence have sprung their present difficulties.
Prediction is: mister never bent began the cattin and i absereve that up to that moment he had generally a dressmeus presidant they cannot be genin that we have come here un an unpleasint mission | actual is: mister neverbend began the captain and i observed that up to that moment he had generally addressed me as president it cannot be denied that we have come here on an unpleasant mission.
Prediction is: then there r threeoa for leading men of he cuunity with their wives whorfor the most part the fathers and mothers of the young ladis | actual is: then there were three or four leading men of the community with their wives who were for the most part the fathers and mothers of the young ladies.
Prediction is: heu her whut sir firn man a bron a sadt replie cap and tat ox | actual is: you hear what sir ferdinando brown has said replied captain battleax.
Prediction is: you o omy to suges oid he thut thet ias a matterof opinion | actual is: you will allow me to suggest said he that that is a matter of opinion.
Prediction is: jhac would become ev es happy huspan an would reman a mis the huri didies of the eger worl | actual is: jack would become eva is happy husband and would remain amidst the hurried duties of the eager world.
Prediction is: the ladies and copliince wt that softiss of har which as their cacteristic or n one sot and the men byt whom the world astly mannaged or on the other | actual is: the ladies in compliance with that softness of heart which is their characteristic are on one side and the men by whom the world has to be managed are on the other.
Prediction is: bef you l giela syor promise to he cat tan at o x here at this time to morow we will strutch a point and da la thed de parture the jon broing for twint for hours | actual is: if you will give us your promise to meet captain battleax here at this time to morrow we will stretch a point and delay the departure of the john bright for twenty four hours.
Prediction is: the letter ran as folows | actual is: the letter ran as follows.
Prediction is: wer  to comply with your orders without expressym my on ipinnin i shoud seemd to havedone so wilingly her after | actual is: were i to comply with your orders without expressing my own opinion i should seem to have done so willingly hereafter.
Prediction is: when you enter ant the john brit shal star | actual is: when do you intend that the john bright shall start.
Prediction is: their master said missus never band | actual is: their masters said missus neverbend.
Prediction is: you may bequite sorts theresait captan batt al acxid tha ican so yusit as to haf of blitery your ta ith an twominuts of my return on vord | actual is: you may be quite sure it is there said captain battleax and that i can so use it as to half obliterate your town within two minutes of my return on board.
Prediction is: o yes su jack and  knowhere | actual is: oh yes said jack and i am nowhere.
Prediction is: on arithe are home and my own resvencs i found tat a shallan was frod with a brelin company | actual is: on arriving at home at my own residence i found that our salon was filled with a brilliant company.
Prediction is: you havde reseeed thus with all that curosy an hospitaty thor wich our caracter in inan stand so hig | actual is: you have received us with all that courtesy and hospitality for which your character in england stands so high.
Prediction is: then the republic ut pret nula was to be declared as non existan and the bvetish flie wes to be gis alten an a buiesh goverr and stall han heexeced if champers | actual is: then the republic of britannula was to be declared as non existent and the british flag was to be exalted and a british governor installed in the executive chambers.
Prediction is: i can afore to smil because i am asiently parel es beforey but i dunot theles feel tha in a matter of which the proges f the wodis concern i a rather we hav en puck down by brot force | actual is: i can afford to smile because i am absolutely powerless before you but i do not the less feel that in a matter in which the progress of the world is concerned i or rather we have been put down by brute force.
Prediction is: i did not men said captaerd tot las the touch upon public subjects at such a moment as this | actual is: i did not mean said captain battleax to touch upon public subjects at such a moment as this.
Prediction is: missus never ben ye must an de be prot of your son | actual is: missus neverbend you must indeed be proud of your son.
Prediction is: when this captin shoul a taken himself and his vesl bat to englan i winl retire to a small farm which i possessed at the ferthers sideo the island and teren sacclusion what i and my das | actual is: when this captain should have taken himself and his vessel back to england i would retire to a small farm which i possessed at the farthest side of the island and there in seclusion would i end my days.
Prediction is: what werld whit in niguity such a speech s that esclos said i stil turning myself to the captaon for theugh i would have crus em bo on i words had av eenpossible mygjus like sented itself ond serfor  mandow | actual is: what world wide iniquity such a speech as that discloses said i still turning myself to the captain for though i would have crushed them both by my words had it been possible my dislike centred itself on sir ferdinando.
Prediction is: but i mean to have my inins before la | actual is: but i mean to have my innings before long.
Prediction is: i have vey fuw to love me now and i thought you might love me as y have be gone to love you | actual is: i have very few to love me now and i thought you might love me as i have begun to love you.
Prediction is: it was not very much passt a leven that morning whn the pony carage from brandin drw up before the little garden whitkete of reademen s tfarm | actual is: it was not very much past eleven that morning when the pony carriage from brandon drew up before the little garden wicket of redman is farm.
Prediction is: i like you stilld ratal im suraw always like you | actual is: i like you still rachel i am sure i will always like you.
Prediction is: think you ratul my cousin ratu my only friends | actual is: thank you rachel my cousin rachel my only friend.
Prediction is: we thn can hid their peing better than we man and berit at or two except when shane drops fire into the jrudful chalice | actual is: women can hide their pain better than we men and bear it better too except when shame drops fire into the dreadful chalice.
Prediction is: and the wan worcal having spoken she sat don in the same sort of astruction again beside dorkes and she llokedtful and her coushe is eys | actual is: and the wan oracle having spoken she sate down in the same sort of abstraction again beside dorcas and she looked full in her cousin is eyes.
Prediction is: so ther came u stup and a lttle vasling of emanendrybries the smoldoer opend and rachl entred with her hand extended and a pail smil of boome | actual is: so there came a step and a little rustling of feminine draperies the small door opened and rachel entered with her hand extended and a pale smile of welcome.
Prediction is: you resumble le rajo you are ferless andinflexible and jeneriuce | actual is: you resemble me rachel you are fearless and inflexible and generous.
Prediction is: tor a something of sqeetness and fontness in her tones and manner which was  neu t oratha and comfrtin and she returnedo the greating as kindly and touht more like erfor herself | actual is: there was something of sweetness and fondness in her tones and manner which was new to rachel and comforting and she returned the greeting as kindly and felt more like her former self.
Prediction is: of mark wilder i sate this hiis neme has beeng forgears heatful to me and risetly in has becom frightful and you will tromousley simple thus i you l nover ask me to speaek again abou him | actual is: of mark wylder i say this his name has been for years hateful to me and recently it has become frightful and you will promise me simply this that you will never ask me to speak again about him.
Prediction is: yes racel i do ovyo | actual is: yes rachel i do love you.
Prediction is: jorguss in her strange way was mooved | actual is: dorcas in her strange way was moved.
Prediction is: whil she was better thogh she had hod about night | actual is: well she was better though she had had a bad night.
Prediction is: this transid spring and lighting up ar beautiful a glan eor be guiling our senses | actual is: this transient spring and lighting up are beautiful a glamour beguiling our senses.
Prediction is: she spokewith a sudten endergy which per tk a feour an passion and flushd her thing cheek and made her  lin wouldh es flash | actual is: she spoke with a sudden energy which partook of fear and passion and flushed her thin cheek and made her languid eyes flash.
Prediction is: racls pale and sharpened features anddilatded i struck her with the penful surpris | actual is: rachel is pale and sharpened features and dilated eye struck her with a painful surprise.
Prediction is: ho was been so ail my porrecho | actual is: you have been so ill my poor rachel.
Prediction is: but cor ry tot lek had ore an thot stolcal a pocrcy which anables the toarctured spirits of her sex to lift a pail face togrhthe freens and smile | actual is: but poor rachel lake had more than that stoical hypocrisy which enables the tortured spirits of her sex to lift a pale face through the flames and smile.
Prediction is: yes said rachel | actual is: yes said rachel.
Prediction is: yes something adeverything said rachl hardly looking frondingly at a flawler which she was twarling in her fingers | actual is: yes something everything said rachel hurriedly looking frowningly at a flower which she was twirling in her fingers.
Prediction is: po recha herd natue erquoild from tecet and she told at alllevente as much of the truth as she dared | actual is: poor rachel her nature recoiled from deceit and she told at all events as much of the truth as she dared.
Prediction is: o and truble dear trubled e mind a misurably nervice | actual is: ill and troubled dear troubled in mind and miserably nervous.
Prediction is: ink inu dorkaster | actual is: thank you dorcas dear.
Prediction is: and shee t ro herrms round her cuses neck and greavoryjal at last burst in to tears | actual is: and she threw her arms round her cousin is neck and brave rachel at last burst into tears.
Prediction is: chall fort had a no from mi sterwald of thismorning inother kno his conning delade and something of his having to see some person who was a brod continee dork us after a little pase | actual is: chelford had a note from mister wylder this morning another note his coming delayed and something of his having to see some person who is abroad continued dorcas after a little pause.
Prediction is: it is amentepafhy and intiop a the i cnnoccent over der dorguss you maye thingkit amanness but do ot blain me | actual is: it is an antipathy an antipathy i cannot get over dear dorcas you may think it a madness but do not blame me.
Prediction is: ia butl be lmighted mitured | actual is: i boldly lighted my cheroot.
Prediction is: broct ins a very gold fellowt i canisureio | actual is: bracton is a very good fellow i can assure you.
Prediction is: bue tok these veryvise theng some times turn out bery fullishly | actual is: but do not these very wise things sometimes turn out very foolishly.
Prediction is: i on kno ene can say how you fine genterin d fin wlickdness only aasan ofscere fedo i speak accrting to my lightes and he is generaly thought the wiket is man an this county | actual is: i do not know and can not say how you fine gentlemen define wickedness only as an obscure female i speak according to my lights and he is generally thought the wickedest man in this county.
Prediction is: and the added something stol res comprenmentry | actual is: and he added something still less complimentary.
Prediction is: when i ta s al to gothr on your on acount | actual is: what i say is altogether on your own account.
Prediction is: an he made a little dip of his cane towards prandend hall over h shoulder | actual is: and he made a little dip of his cane towards brandon hall over his shoulder.
Prediction is: my badt was un eceptional bri cotible not in mih bet mod i could av whished it the great teal more moden | actual is: my bed was unexceptionably comfortable but in my then mood i could have wished it a great deal more modern.
Prediction is: i this time bor ch elperd amold or theturnd and discusted rater with myself iv roumineded on my want agenerashup | actual is: by this time lord chelford and wylder returned and disgusted rather with myself i ruminated on my want of general ship.
Prediction is: all the frenat ure belong i oter times | actual is: all the furniture belonged to other times.
Prediction is: a cold bright mo we shinning woith creer sharp lightes and shatdews | actual is: a cold bright moon was shining with clear sharp lights and shadows.
Prediction is: i did not even teeke the precation of smoking uop the toome | actual is: i did not even take the precaution of smoking up the chimney.
Prediction is: do ort in sot mastaily by talkn aganit o did this morning | actual is: do not insult me stanley by talking again as you did this morning.
Prediction is: i am velly an easy about it wot over it is i ca ne hopin | actual is: i am very uneasy about it whatever it is i can not help it.
Prediction is: no that is om possible redy fi  relly doot thing i goot e tout of him all tesiveming excepjos mae er talking | actual is: now that is impossible radie for i really do not think i once thought of him all this evening except just while we were talking.
Prediction is: mis rake declimnes the carage to miht | actual is: miss lake declined the carriage to night.
Prediction is: the frorm mare than anything out showed te great age of the room | actual is: the floor more than anything else showed the great age of the room.
Prediction is: he as so they sad bat bot wood i thien hapben orse | actual is: yes so they said but that would i think have been worse.
Prediction is: to my lines there ish always ben something in exprossibtly aful infarmiry fes | actual is: to my mind there has always been something inexpressibly awful in family feuds.
Prediction is: a lout lo bit a poster tumble don tome and statled me convoundedly | actual is: a little bit of plaster tumbled down the chimney and startled me confoundedly.
Prediction is: i shan  trubl yo iabout my traine of thots or ancies i i egain to feel ver y like ad gentlemine in the go story watching expermentaly an a honted chabour | actual is: i sha not trouble you about my train of thoughts or fancies but i began to feel very like a gentleman in a ghost story watching experimentally in a haunted chamber.
Prediction is: some how i ha grow nervics | actual is: somehow i had grown nervous.
Prediction is: bhsumber ol drees unchorgante curse plus black and offl | actual is: the sombre old trees like gigantic hearse plumes black and awful.
Prediction is: there as a brightmo ight broken by the shadows of ovrninging thous and whither revs and the madtle lights and shadows gided otly acosses palfeatrs | actual is: there was a bright moonlight broken by the shadows of overhanging boughs and withered leaves and the mottled lights and shadows glided oddly across his pale features.
Prediction is: the mistery of their worgen ther capassity for y vallbing leten facltis o cine and whe study by tality with which they survived the herse and speak her deepet mouhfrom me ligites an every new boingeneration hav asoceded them some hown my mind with a spol ofd life exceding and distint frocuman an the specialsytack action | actual is: the mystery of their origin their capacity for evolving latent faculties of crime and the steady vitality with which they survive the hearse and speak their deep mouthed malignities in every new born generation have associated them somehow in my mind with a spell of life exceeding and distinct from human and a special satanic action.
Prediction is: ther walk continued silent for the greaterpat nither was quite sat asfie with the other but ractul at mast sad | actual is: their walk continued silent for the greater part neither was quite satisfied with the other but rachel at last said.
Prediction is: mock my words yo rl find him two srong for you i and two deep | actual is: mark my words you will find him too strong for you aye and too deep.
Prediction is: whil you no redy wemin like wiced fellos it is contrust i supose but they don and on sur from wha racten has said to me i kno cin intimeely but dookg is likes tim and i ca  con seeve hy the are not narid | actual is: well you know radie women like wicked fellows it is contrast i suppose but they do and i am sure from what bracton has said to me i know him intimately that dorcas likes him and i can not conceive why they are not married.
Prediction is: tfhor fellows been a little bit wild he is beos habo it once | actual is: if a fellow is been a little bit wild he is beelzebub at once.
Prediction is: in the men time i haformeden you ideof her | actual is: in the meantime i had formed a new idea of her.
Prediction is: it i certans were  thick and rfeated tapistry | actual is: its curtains were of thick and faded tapestry.
Prediction is: it dinner lak was easiont o using | actual is: at dinner lake was easy and amusing.
Prediction is: he had his hand u on make shilter | actual is: he had his hand upon lake is shoulder.
Prediction is: whent aver board chefered said miss briand ind received it bergratiously and even with a momen tery smile | actual is: whatever lord chelford said miss brandon received it very graciously and even with a momentary smile.
Prediction is: said bord cehelferd i drussing me | actual is: said lord chelford addressing me.
Prediction is: do younolak oh a reily cennttel but heil seon tire of country life | actual is: do you know lake oh i really can not tell but he will soon tire of country life.
Prediction is: o i know that i lorn brondon | actual is: oh i know that is lorne brandon.
Prediction is: there cusens you now we are all cousons | actual is: they are cousins you know we are all cousins.
Prediction is: but here greding to capt ind lik was more the usualy hady and froson and her feture s i fanceed perticcurly prowd and pale | actual is: but her greeting to captain lake was more than usually haughty and frozen and her features i fancied particularly proud and pale.
Prediction is: and he placed ed in that gentlman is fhingers who now took his turnet the lamp and contemplathed the little poet alagram with a gliem of stly an musement | actual is: and he placed it in that gentleman is fingers who now took his turn at the lamp and contemplated the little parallelogram with a gleam of sly amusement.
Prediction is: i was thinking it is very like be gase of hars andswed the capt in sofl smiling on | actual is: i was thinking it is very like the ace of hearts answered the captain softly smiling on.
Prediction is: i ho or re dreaem about him last night toit | actual is: i had a horrid dream about him last night that.
Prediction is: ibilliev e y have a little tace that way those ar al rel you know those jus | actual is: i believe i have a little taste that way those are all real you know those jewels.
Prediction is: where upon lake last quietly still looking on the ase of hearts with his sly eys | actual is: whereupon lake laughed quietly still looking on the ace of hearts with his sly eyes.
Prediction is: i am glad dou like it sas whileder chuckling the migmently onint over his showlder | actual is: i am glad you like it says wylder chuckling benignantly on it over his shoulder.
Prediction is: he is not aman for country quarters | actual is: he is not a man for country quarters.
Prediction is: you kno capt an lake | actual is: you know captain lake.
Prediction is: asthe time he was talk i to me es anry litl ees ere followin lik | actual is: all the time he was talking to me his angry little eyes were following lake.
Prediction is: and whild er laf two more suddenly annoasaly then e shure of the jok stin quite to call for and glanced of grem look from the corners of his eyes unlak but the gablint cape in did not seemed to perceiveit and after a few secone more he handid it very innicently back to misus darty only re marking | actual is: and wylder laughed too more suddenly and noisily than the humour of the joke seemed quite to call for and glanced a grim look from the corners of his eyes on lake but the gallant captain did not seem to perceive it and after a few seconds more he handed it very innocently back to missus dorothy only remarking.
Prediction is: slaing makes on suter | actual is: slang makes one shudder.
Prediction is: the flines the enyof the wi | actual is: the flame is the enemy of the wing.
Prediction is: he woul be lik a fealagest refusing to ecemin afact in languege i talose for hesitate tdoscritene s iffact in fumanity | actual is: he would be like a philologist refusing to examine a fact in language a philosopher hesitating to scrutinize a fact in humanity.
Prediction is: iti is black kam mis forten its is blak a still lid n cron these too blacknesses amal genatod compells slyng | actual is: it is black in misfortune it is blacker still in crime these two blacknesses amalgamated compose slang.
Prediction is: a turidly if the tone whetination or provence has spokin is worethe olintereest the langoed wichas ben spoken by amisery istilmo worthy of atenterean tutis | actual is: assuredly if the tongue which a nation or a province has spoken is worthy of interest the language which has been spoken by a misery is still more worthy of attention and study.
Prediction is: to teech r reding ins to like the fiure everysibl stoled out spercles | actual is: to teach reading means to light the fire every syllable spelled out sparkles.
Prediction is: in this worlds ad ae dently the vestibu of he nover their arn no fortueet | actual is: in this world evidently the vestibule of another there are no fortunate.
Prediction is: fenation very god | actual is: phoenician very good.
Prediction is: esday has its on great gre forwads litale car | actual is: each day has its own great grief or its little care.
Prediction is: since wen has nawlidy banisht edicon | actual is: since when has malady banished medicine.
Prediction is: facxs formwan ofthes and iteas she over | actual is: facts form one of these and ideas the other.
Prediction is: and then whe insist upon it the curvy of socal deformentesend in ferimites and the task of poainting hnm ad with ive u to remity is not a bisess ind which choces  peminted | actual is: and then we insist upon it the study of social deformities and infirmities and the task of pointing them out with a view to remedy is not a business in which choice is permitted.
Prediction is: that is wha we qry adtation siens | actual is: that is why we cry education science.
Prediction is: want i slang | actual is: what is slang.
Prediction is: the will human devison tis this fo lominus and tesaty | actual is: the real human division is this the luminous and the shady.
Prediction is: to met f the nens of his comfot retiniss hasnbeente e banguot of com bat which is slang | actual is: to meet the needs of this conflict wretchedness has invented a language of combat which is slang.
Prediction is: le closly of lie | actual is: look closely at life.
Prediction is: who denize that of corseit des | actual is: who denies that of course it does.
Prediction is: whenmit is a question of pobing abod e go aso ciity since when has it bhen concidetd wong to go to far to go to the bosom | actual is: when it is a question of probing a wound a gulf a society since when has it been considered wrong to go too far to go to the bottom.
Prediction is: he must decend with his hard ful of charity and suverity at the same tine as i rovher an asy jud to those inpinitrable casmats fher cral pal now those yhou beeed ind those rho dea the blo thos ho we een bhose who curse thouge wo fast and those wro difhouer those who en dor evel and thoe wro enflictet | actual is: he must descend with his heart full of charity and severity at the same time as a brother and as a judge to those impenetrable casemates where crawl pell mell those who bleed and those who deal the blow those who weep and those who curse those who fast and those who devour those who endure evil and those who inflict it.
Prediction is: now weno has hor ever excunded study | actual is: now when has horror ever excluded study.
Prediction is: and youou beong to that small classouar happy | actual is: and you belong to that small class who are happy.
Prediction is: thus idilmisses the mother | actual is: thus idleness is the mother.
Prediction is: in thisgis it becomeso  | actual is: in this guise it becomes horrible.
Prediction is: there is the slang of the affected laty as well as o the presuses | actual is: there is the slang of the affected lady as well as of the precieuses.
Prediction is: people sofuring theliht eces bes | actual is: people suffer in the light excess burns.
Prediction is: they contitut two different orers of facs whods cors band to ehother whi t ar awys into wast han which often brn forth results | actual is: they constitute two different orders of facts which correspond to each other which are always interlaced and which often bring forth results.
Prediction is: one proces without understandied a hitious murmer soudin most wi uman acsitse but more nealy rasunblin a how then the maticulygt wrd | actual is: one perceives without understanding it a hideous murmur sounding almost like human accents but more nearly resembling a howl than an articulate word.
Prediction is: we have alwheys fo that if was some times a coreges act and ad least is simple in usefuldeed worthye of the smpifetic attention whichduty acepted in fulfallds marids | actual is: we have always thought that it was sometimes a courageous act and at least a simple and useful deed worthy of the sympathetic attention which duty accepted and fulfilled merits.
Prediction is: elsugro mediton bato  hav e ster slyn | actual is: algebra medicine botany have each their slang.
Prediction is: tebor without sesin to fly there in wose the marvul of cees | actual is: to burn without ceasing to fly therein lies the marvel of genius.
Prediction is: we have never understod this sort ofobjections | actual is: we have never understood this sort of objections.
Prediction is: it is inntelligabo on the gar | actual is: it is unintelligible in the dark.
Prediction is: why soed worn not explo everything and study eveerything | actual is: why should one not explore everything and study everything.
Prediction is: it is the langues of weteckness | actual is: it is the language of wretchedness.
Prediction is: there it clodes itself in word masks in meti for rags | actual is: there it clothes itself in word masks in metaphor rags.
Prediction is: evendi lakt li thet pass | actual is: even dialect let that pass.
Prediction is: the panter who says my grinder the notury wher sas mi skip of the geter the hardreeaser who sas my mearly back the coblor wo says myg cod tolksoft sling | actual is: the painter who says my grinder the notary who says my skip the gutter the hairdresser who says my mealyback the cobbler who says my cub talks slang.
Prediction is: the arthis not t o loidt of hisemblnce to ajal | actual is: the earth is not devoid of resemblance to a jail.
Prediction is: we a be stopd the fact me be put to us in general turms which is one wayof antanuating it we may be tolds thas altras professionsic me be added all the acidense of the social hirargyan all forms of inteligence hove ther own slin | actual is: we may be stopped the fact may be put to us in general terms which is one way of attenuating it we may be told that all trades professions it may be added all the accidents of the social hierarchy and all forms of intelligence have their own slang.
Prediction is: yes strurdary were trembling for hel fasis dear to you to day you feor ferour o to mo owyfull tbe anxaty about muney the day after to moro the di atrib es a sland er the day after that ther mis fortun of some friend then the prevelin wether then something hat is been brok an the lost then aesurewish whild hur concience and yer bertabol coonmreeha ou again the course of publicto a fairs | actual is: yesterday you were trembling for a health that is dear to you to day you fear for your own to morrow it will be anxiety about money the day after to morrow the diatribe of a slanderer the day after that the misfortune of some friend then the prevailing weather then something that has been broken or lost then a pleasure with which your conscience and your vertebral column reproach you again the course of public affairs.
Prediction is: one thingks one her s higdes taki | actual is: one thinks one hears hydras talking.
Prediction is: tron phistory beng amixtr of all thigs the true histerin anegls i everything | actual is: true history being a mixture of all things the true historian mingles in everything.
Prediction is: it is so mado that efery where we fold the sense of comisan | actual is: it is so made that everywhere we feel the sense of punishment.
Prediction is: slag is odies | actual is: slang is odious.
Prediction is: do we realy kno the moun to well whon we are not aquainted wis the cevern | actual is: do we really know the mountain well when we are not acquainted with the cavern.
Prediction is: to kipla flot and two res cu f om a livion to hold dabove the gol worrid but a fagment of some languege which men has sprokin and which wod othewis be lost rat es to say on of the emansbod or tbat of whic sivelization as composed orby which it is compicated two xtendto the rekads of sercial oserdation is teserv ciblization itself | actual is: to keep afloat and to rescue from oblivion to hold above the gulf were it but a fragment of some language which man has spoken and which would otherwise be lost that is to say one of the elements good or bad of which civilization is composed or by which it is complicated to extend the records of social observation is to serve civilization itself.
Prediction is: there is hardly one day athe far hunderd which hs hol jos and sumy | actual is: there is hardly one day out of a hundred which is wholly joyous and sunny.
Prediction is: the sumper manu facturrer who seys lo clare fid loms bastort common burd  thist onnist ma affacturer tolk sling | actual is: the sugar manufacturer who says loaf clarified lumps bastard common burnt this honest manufacturer talks slang.
Prediction is: to this who repli an one word oly | actual is: to this we reply in one word only.
Prediction is: thus with out recinning in the pans of the heart and so t cose on | actual is: this without reckoning in the pains of the heart and so it goes on.
Prediction is: was it one haldson the way | actual is: why should one halt on the way.
Prediction is: to doministe memberos he sam to agmence the membero the lumins that as the abject | actual is: to diminish the number of the shady to augment the number of the luminous that is the object.
Prediction is: however he  whi sas light tdoes not neces sarailly sairoy | actual is: however he who says light does not necessarily say joy.
Prediction is: was is slang proberly speking | actual is: what is slang properly speaking.
Prediction is: it i ingenders ahol world lov ager for which redseft and te ho lot agrin for which read huder | actual is: it engenders a whole world la pegre for which read theft and a hell la pegrenne for which read hunger.
Prediction is: chepter one orenton | actual is: chapter one origin.
Prediction is: cembon emagon annatrallisto refusing to study of i ber tore bat the scorian thesentiped t trancila and one who wud cesst them back into their darkness  saing oh how oble tat es | actual is: can one imagine a naturalist refusing to study the viper the bat the scorpion the centipede the tarantula and one who would cast them back into their darkness saying oh how ugly that is.
Prediction is: she has a sun seftd and a donter hunger | actual is: she has a son theft and a daughter hunger.
Prediction is: nothing is moreve goveries than the contemplation bhus in itsmudity in the broad light of thought of the horbol forming of sla | actual is: nothing is more lugubrious than the contemplation thus in its nudity in the broad light of thought of the horrible swarming of slang.
Prediction is: he dartetd likaneow tro al the hals down all thistairs and a cross the yard | actual is: he darted like an arrow through all the halls down all the stairs and across the yard.
Prediction is: foor like as not they must have though him a prince when they saw his fine cap | actual is: for like as not they must have thought him a prince when they saw his fine cap.
Prediction is: and is face rom red | actual is: anders face grew red.
Prediction is: seeng tha i am so fine i may as well go and is if tecim | actual is: seeing that i am so fine i may as well go and visit the king.
Prediction is: she wasl such o big boy that he wore hihbots and caried a ject nie | actual is: he was such a big boy that he wore high boots and carried a jack knife.
Prediction is: now this nife was asplende though hafthe blate was gone and te hambe was a little cract and amders e that one is al most a man as so is one has a jacknife | actual is: now this knife was a splendid one though half the blade was gone and the handle was a little cracked and anders knew that one is almost a man as soon as one has a jack knife.
Prediction is: he mate a bov so deep that his back cae er briaking and he was done found ed i contell you when he saw it wasnobety but anders | actual is: he made a bow so deep that his back came near breaking and he was dumbfounded i can tell you when he saw it was nobody but anders.
Prediction is: and it is made of mothers  best yoorn and shemititd herself and every body once to get it away from  | actual is: and it is made of mother is best yarn and she knitted it herself and everybody wants to get it away from me.
Prediction is: yes wyin out thout anders | actual is: yes why not thought anders.
Prediction is: well whut now saod the princess and she filed his puckets with takes and put her own havy gold chin around wis nec and bent down and kiset him | actual is: well but now said the princess and she filled his pockets with cakes and put her own heavy gold chain around his neck and bent down and kissed him.
Prediction is: he only shok his head | actual is: he only shook his head.
Prediction is: and she took inders han and wook with him up the borood marable stars where soldrs werposted at every third step and through the mak nivusin hals whera corteers insik andveldet stood bowwing wer ever he went | actual is: and she took anders hand and walked with him up the broad marble stairs where soldiers were posted at every third step and through the magnificent halls where courtiers in silk and velvet stood bowing wherever he went.
Prediction is: but min his be brother heard that he had refued to give his cap for a kings golden crown he said that anders was a stuped | actual is: but when his big brother heard that he had refused to give his cap for a king is golden crown he said that anders was a stupid.
Prediction is: but his mother ha been close | actual is: but his mother hugged him close.
Prediction is: that is a very fine cap you haves he said | actual is: that is a very fine cap you have he said.
Prediction is:  no my little sun she said | actual is: no my little son she said.
Prediction is: but anders cared nothing about that | actual is: but anders cared nothing about that.
Prediction is: on e sivear platters wore purnmets of tarts and caks and red ones punkleden glitdering tecanters | actual is: on huge silver platters were pyramids of tarts and cakes and red wine sparkled in glittering decanters.
Prediction is: so wit is sain anders | actual is: so it is said anders.
Prediction is: i am goinin to the cort bal ansert anders | actual is: i am going to the court ball answered anders.
Prediction is: with one jop enderscat out of his chair | actual is: with one jump anders got out of his chair.
Prediction is: if you dresed im sil and gold from tupe to to wou could not look any miser then in er little red cap | actual is: if you dressed in silk and gold from top to toe you could not look any nicer than in your little red cap.
Prediction is: the proncess curtain was beautiful and yhe woul have dealy like to te kist byger but the cap which his mother had nad she wauld not give up on any conmition | actual is: the princess certainly was beautiful and he would have dearly liked to be kissed by her but the cap which his mother had made he would not give up on any condition.
Prediction is: at the fordherrend of a largest hall a teble wi tet with godin cups and goden plats in long ros | actual is: at the farther end of the largest hall a table was set with golden cups and golden plates in long rows.
Prediction is: he stol hol onto it with pupans as he rushed into his motheris cotage | actual is: he still held on to it with both hands as he rushed into his mother is cottage.
Prediction is: and all his brothers and sister stood round and risened with theirm mo s open | actual is: and all his brothers and sisters stood round and listened with their mouths open.
Prediction is: but ywou must ot betp with your cap on hour head she said and was going to they gitt l | actual is: but you must not eat with your cap on your head she said and was going to take it off.
Prediction is: the pricsaset down under a blot canity with bokcas of roses and she lat ander sit in a gold and chare by her si | actual is: the princess sat down under a blue canopy with bouquets of roses and she let anders sit in a golden chair by her side.
Prediction is: the three mods of management | actual is: the three modes of management.
Prediction is: but thislast soposition is allmost allways unecessary for if mary has been hebitually managed on this prencible she will nod make iny troubl | actual is: but this last supposition is almost always unnecessary for if mary has been habitually managed on this principle she will not make any trouble.
Prediction is: so yu  be o good girl i know and not make any trouble but was stay ad home conpendedly wo you | actual is: so you will be a good girl i know and not make any trouble but will stay at home contentedly will not you.
Prediction is: the mother in monanin the cae in thisway reilise partly un convincing the reason of the child and partly on in a peald to her ofection | actual is: the mother in managing the case in this way relies partly on convincing the reason of the child and partly on an appeal to her affection.
Prediction is: the mother as so as the chase is so far turnd that mary can no longe watche the exprecionof a ponpinence gos away from the door with a smile of complaseency and sanisfaction o her face at the ingunulity ans a cess of her little artifis | actual is: the mother as soon as the chaise is so far turned that mary can no longer watch the expression of her countenance goes away from the door with a smile of complacency and satisfaction upon her face at the ingenuity and success of her little artifice.
Prediction is: i reason an affection | actual is: by reason and affection.
Prediction is: if yhou should not be agood gir bhut shou sho sindes of makig us anny trouble i shall hale to some e out somewher to the back part of the house un til wear go | actual is: if you should not be a good girl but should show signs of making us any trouble i shall have to send you out somewhere to the back part of the house until we are gone.
Prediction is: to suppos that the oobject of thiswork is to ad in afecting such a subsetution as that is ntirly to stake its nature and desie | actual is: to suppose that the object of this work is to aid in effecting such a substitution as that is entirely to mistake its nature and design.
Prediction is: it is inded trum that the importance of tact and skill in the traning of the yun and of copivating their reason and sacuring their affection can not be oerated | actual is: it is indeed true that the importance of tact and skill in the training of the young and of cultivating their reason and securing their affection can not be overrated.
Prediction is: as the chas trives away mery stand be wrodered and peplext on the doorsetup her mind in a tomult ot excintment in which hetould of redoctor distrust and suspicion of her mother disappontment vexation and ilr umer sirge and swell among those deligent ogniations on which the structure and the bolotment of the soul so closely depend doing perhaps and a repeble ijury | actual is: as the chaise drives away mary stands bewildered and perplexed on the door step her mind in a tumult of excitement in which hatred of the doctor distrust and suspicion of her mother disappointment vexation and ill humor surge and swell among those delicate organizations on which the structure and development of the soul so closely depend doing perhaps an irreparable injury.
Prediction is: weut gong to any such extremas this we can easly sy on rflection how vast an infoentce on the ight dees and conceptions as whell as on the princibles ad action in the cur years must be encerted by the nature and charicter of the immageswhch apuried of infency and chil hod impress upon the mid | actual is: without going to any such extreme as this we can easily see on reflection how vast an influence on the ideas and conceptions as well as on the principles of action in mature years must be exerted by the nature and character of the images which the period of infancy and childhood impresses upon the mind.
Prediction is: thatt is comperitively nothing | actual is: that is comparatively nothing.
Prediction is: they are chiefly formd from combinations of the impressions mad in chiled hert | actual is: they are chiefly formed from combinations of the impressions made in childhood.
Prediction is: vast inportance and influentce of this mental frunching | actual is: vast importance and influence of this mental furnishing.
Prediction is: nature of the affect produced by early imnpressions | actual is: nature of the effect produced by early impressions.
Prediction is: the pan prodused by an act of hasty and anryvilence to which a father sobjecx his son may son pass away but the memory o it dos not passaway with he pain | actual is: the pain produced by an act of hasty and angry violence to which a father subjects his son may soon pass away but the memory of it does not pass away with the pain.
Prediction is:  so sayng she led the way untitol folled by the children out of the room and round by a sercoutishre to the pesa there | actual is: so saying she led the way on tiptoe followed by the children out of the room and round by a circuitous route to the piazza there.
Prediction is: della had a young systernmingmmra and i cousen whos man was jan | actual is: della had a young sister named maria and a cousin whose name was jane.
Prediction is: forintance one day the chidren had been plain upon the pease with blocks and other playthings and finly had gon ito the house leavhing al the things on the florf the petsa in stead of puting them away in their places as the ogh to hav don | actual is: for instance one day the children had been playing upon the piazza with blocks and other playthings and finally had gone into the house leaving all the things on the floor of the piazza instead of putting them away in their places as they ought to have done.
Prediction is: said she pointing the plratings se | actual is: said she pointing to the playthings see.
Prediction is: now gelia can trive to abten a great influence and a cimency over the minds of the childrern by means of these dos | actual is: now delia contrived to obtain a great influence and ascendency over the minds of the children by means of these dolls.
Prediction is: i expect you have ben  very cgood girl and della sinc you were yur lasd | actual is: i expect you have been a very good girl andella since you were here last.
Prediction is: delte camd the parler and with an ar of great mistry that cin the childrneside in set to them in  qhisper leive and dhema and rosly here and donot say ar ward them | actual is: delia came to the parlor and with an air of great mystery beckoned the children aside and said to them in a whisper leave andella and rosalie here and do not say a word to them.
Prediction is: and dhis mathed of treaing the cas was much more affectua in making an despose to boyd commityng a simler fult another time then any dirict wre uks ore expressions of thispleasere adresst personly to them wouldhave been | actual is: and this method of treating the case was much more effectual in making them disposed to avoid committing a similar fault another time than any direct rebukes or expressions of displeasure addressed personally to them would have been.
Prediction is: pus these plthings al away quick and carfuly and we will not let them no anythin oout taleavning theout | actual is: put these playthings all away quick and carefully and we will not let them know any thing about your leaving them out.
Prediction is: to such persons these interec mode of trining children inhabits ofsubodination to their will or rather oeding to their inflence are specialy ustul | actual is: to such persons these indirect modes of training children in habits of subordination to their will or rather of yielding to their influence are specially useful.
Prediction is: then turnen to ja she asked in a somar alter ton as she pen a god girl jan | actual is: then turning to jane she asked in a somewhat altered tone has she been a good girl jane.
Prediction is: they were to w plang with their dos in the pomer | actual is: they were now playing with their dolls in the parlor.
Prediction is: you have come and del and dellat was the nam mor jeng sto to make brosily of vis it | actual is: you have come andella andella was the name of jane is doll to make rosalie a visit.
Prediction is: to gin in ideap of these conbersations iwa wll report on abem inful | actual is: to give an idea of these conversations i will report one of them in full.
Prediction is: il am very glad | actual is: i am very glad.
Prediction is: forgevt ma i hardly now what i am sang thous and times frogive my madam was rihd quit riht this brittle excil has complictly turned my brain | actual is: forgive me i hardly know what i am saying a thousand times forgive me madame was right quite right this brutal exile has completely turned my brain.
Prediction is: explain yourself | actual is: explain yourself.
Prediction is: you are posit ofe then | actual is: you are positive then.
Prediction is: she was her just now said the coumt | actual is: she was here just now said the count.
Prediction is: i remember now and i can redulate myself do you lote any one | actual is: i remember now and i congratulate myself do you love any one.
Prediction is: i am a wonman and er a few like me who wever  lovisma flatters me who wever flatters me pless me and ho weever pleses well said motola you do not fenish | actual is: i am a woman and there are few like me whoever loves me flatters me whoever flatters me pleases me and whoever pleases well said montalais you do not finish.
Prediction is: the princous inquired no | actual is: the princess inquired no.
Prediction is: o mad mysel why have i not a devoted sistur or a tre friend o such as ourself | actual is: oh mademoiselle why have i not a devoted sister or a true friend such as yourself.
Prediction is: how is it lovalliay said mit mosal detena shont that tho e comto bregg a lone spok of you as to the wes | actual is: how is it la valliere said mademoiselle de tonnay charente that the vicomte de bragelonne spoke of you as louise.
Prediction is: the aral purst is heart and wonded him mortaily | actual is: the arrow pierced his heart and wounded him mortally.
Prediction is: ther conot be a doubt he received you kindly fore in fact yo returned without his penitsion | actual is: there cannot be a doubt he received you kindly for in fact you returned without his permission.
Prediction is: let as rondin said altere and gracefully listing up the long scirts of their sol dresses they lightely ranacruss the open space betwen tae lake and thit thi cust covert of the park | actual is: let us run then said all three and gracefully lifting up the long skirts of their silk dresses they lightly ran across the open space between the lake and the thickest covert of the park.
Prediction is: i have theen her this quarter of an hour repliedlavboiy | actual is: i have been here this quarter of an hour replied la valliere.
Prediction is: upondes you nat am dam to turn her eys languishingly tward the comt observiing | actual is: upon this madame deigned to turn her eyes languishingly towards the comte observing.
Prediction is: no more than the dancing | actual is: no more than the dancing.
Prediction is: i alode to the gotes | actual is: i allude to the goddess.
Prediction is: it is two difficult replied mut misel det tonni shoan lahing ladly | actual is: it is too difficult replied mademoiselle de tonnay charente laughing loudly.
Prediction is: oh i am speaking seriously replied montalay and my appanion in this case es quites ged as the kangs i suppose is it not nowis | actual is: oh i am speaking seriously replied montalais and my opinion in this case is quite as good as the king is i suppose is it not louise.
Prediction is: quhit already her they said tor her | actual is: what already here they said to her.
Prediction is: when she perceved the an man she rose like a won an surprised in ie mtst of ideas she was desiress haf conceling from herself | actual is: when she perceived the young man she rose like a woman surprised in the midst of ideas she was desirous of concealing from herself.
Prediction is: ind fact the sound of ma dams and ta cquens carages could be heard in the distance upon a hard dry ground of the rods followed by the mountin cavlers | actual is: in fact the sound of madame is and the queen is carriages could be heard in the distance upon the hard dry ground of the roads followed by the mounted cavaliers.
Prediction is: she thene rose howming the air to whitch she was presently going to dance | actual is: she then rose humming the air to which she was presently going to dance.
Prediction is: do yo think som she replied with indifference | actual is: do you think so she replied with indifference.
Prediction is: the ongirls had indeed made themself small indeed ind visablee | actual is: the young girls had indeed made themselves small indeed invisible.
Prediction is: a quarter of an houer afterwards he returned to the theeter but it will be readily belived that it was only a powerf effert of reason over his great xcitementhat anabled him to go back ore perhaps for leve as tha strangly constituded he found hat impossible evente remay much longer superated from ther presente of one wo had brok n his heart | actual is: a quarter of an hour afterwards he returned to the theater but it will be readily believed that it was only a powerful effort of reason over his great excitement that enabled him to go back or perhaps for love is thus strangely constituted he found it impossible even to remain much longer separated from the presence of one who had broken his heart.
Prediction is: indeed a | actual is: indeed ah.
Prediction is: yes the perhaps i frighted er an what way | actual is: yes but perhaps i frightened her in what way.
Prediction is: luok yonder tdo younot se the mon slowly rising siolvering the top most branches of the chust nets and the yokes | actual is: look yonder do you not see the moon slowly rising silvering the topmost branches of the chestnuts and the oaks.
Prediction is: tosa nothing said montalay so thare when mut wasal detenaishare ount thinks at the nay is the only one who  knosit | actual is: to say nothing said montalais so that when mademoiselle de tonnay charente thinks athenais is the only one who knows it.
Prediction is: quit quickt then among the high read gra said mont talay stu atthynay yoe ware so tall | actual is: quick quick then among the high reed grass said montalais stoop athenais you are so tall.
Prediction is: ind nes way thefet of the hole cort was a fet also for the misterious and habidence of the forest porcertainly the dear in the brak the fesnt on the branch the fox in its hol were all lissenin | actual is: in this way the fete of the whole court was a fete also for the mysterious inhabitants of the forest for certainly the deer in the brake the pheasant on the branch the fox in its hole were all listening.
Prediction is: cod gracions as the kane any right to nter fer ind matters of that kind | actual is: good gracious has the king any right to interfere in matters of that kind.
Prediction is: well said mit misel deteni shallnd i alsa thake ad good de but i take car | actual is: well said mademoiselle de tonnay charente i also think a good deal but i take care.
Prediction is: i give mi canset | actual is: i give my consent.
Prediction is: exqcuisit sof turf of the wods the happiness which erefrenship confirs upon me | actual is: exquisite soft turf of the woods the happiness which your friendship confers upon me.
Prediction is: reman i implar you the eveing as most luvely | actual is: remain i implore you the evening is most lovely.
Prediction is: every one could abserve his agitation amprosstration aprastration which waas indeed the morymarkable since people where not accustom to see ho with his arms hanging listlesly by has side his head tbe willdered and his eys wath a their brght intelegiens be demd | actual is: every one could observe his agitation and prostration a prostration which was indeed the more remarkable since people were not accustomed to see him with his arms hanging listlessly by his side his head bewildered and his eyes with all their bright intelligence bedimmed.
Prediction is: did not the damnsing a mers you no | actual is: did not the dancing amuse you no.
Prediction is: novallia as quit of poitus said tona shont | actual is: la valliere is quite a poetess said tonnay charente.
Prediction is: it sames the kameg ilnot consemt to it | actual is: it seems the king will not consent to it.
Prediction is: yees the caracter which yo are roiale hinus a somed is in perfectarminy with her own | actual is: yes the character which your royal highness assumed is in perfect harmony with your own.
Prediction is: the news sirculated with ther rapetity o a litenan during uts progress it cenbled every beried of coketry desie and whiled ambition | actual is: the news circulated with the rapidity of lightning during its progress it kindled every variety of coquetry desire and wild ambition.
Prediction is: far fromat sire your majisty hav en givevan no directions about it the mesitions ave retindo | actual is: far from it sire your majesty having given no directions about it the musicians have retained it.
Prediction is: at the conclusion of the banklen which waserved it fiv a clack the cane inderd is cabinit wer his tailers were awaiting him for the purposs of trying on the sollarated cos tom rpresending spring which was the result of so much imagination and had cased some many efrs of thought to the desiners and ornomae workrs of the court | actual is: at the conclusion of the banquet which was served at five oclock the king entered his cabinet where his tailors were awaiting him for the purpose of trying on the celebrated costume representing spring which was the result of so much imagination and had cost so many efforts of thought to the designers and ornament workers of the court.
Prediction is: suddenly for the perpose of re storing peaceon order spraring ac company by his hole cort may has appearance | actual is: suddenly for the purpose of restoring peace and order spring accompanied by his whole court made his appearance.
Prediction is: yo will takethem from my privet creasur | actual is: you will take them from my private treasure.
Prediction is: jetlement dear poss where upon sind anyon ind ve al arto their liv | actual is: gentlemen to your posts whereupon saint aignan and villeroy took their leave.
Prediction is: othe kang who had from the s moment become ind reality the prenciple dancer in the quodrial cast a lock upon his vanquise rivble | actual is: the king who had from this moment become in reality the principal dancer in the quadrille cast a look upon his vanquished rival.
Prediction is: yourmajistiis plan than and nhes afair is | actual is: your majesty is plan then in this affair is.
Prediction is: there wrs opting in his carage which resumbled the boynt movemence of an amordal and he did not dan so much is seemed to sor alone | actual is: there was something in his carriage which resembled the buoyant movements of an immortal and he did not dance so much as seem to soar along.
Prediction is: the balay began the effectr was more than beautiful | actual is: the ballet began the effect was more than beautiful.
Prediction is: my sere was the only wane who did not understand anything about the matter | actual is: monsieur was the only one who did not understand anything about the matter.
Prediction is: the seasons elise of spraing follwd him closely tefore ma quon dril which after many words of morelesst flatter and import was the command stmen of the ance | actual is: the seasons allies of spring followed him closely to form a quadrille which after many words of more or less flattering import was the commencement of the dance.
Prediction is: by degrese al has happiness al his brilliance subsited into regrect and uneasines sl that is lins  loust their power his arms hong heavily by has sides and his had druoped as though he was stupefied | actual is: by degrees all his happiness all his brilliancy subsided into regret and uneasiness so that his limbs lost their power his arms hung heavily by his sides and his head drooped as though he was stupefied.
Prediction is: it is necessery their fore that he should complyo the kame fround | actual is: it is necessary therefore that he should comply the king frowned.
Prediction is: the kin seemed only plezed with every one present | actual is: the king seemed only pleased with every one present.
Prediction is: sire he said your magis tis most divoted servent approaces to peform a service on the succasion with somilarzeal that hi is alrady shon on the field of battl | actual is: sire he said your majesty is most devoted servant approaches to perform a service on this occasion with similar zeal that he has already shown on the field of battle.
Prediction is: blhat im commen themsaid the king and as if col ber had den liscening at the door forthe perpoe of kaping himself acoromp wiat the convrsation he entered a son as the king had prinounced his mame to the twuw cartiars | actual is: let him come in then said the king and as if colbert had been listening at the door for the purpose of keeping himself au courant with the conversation he entered as soon as the king had pronounced his name to the two courtiers.
Prediction is: certainly sire but i must have money to do that wwt | actual is: certainly sire but i must have money to do that what.
Prediction is: his legs the best shaked at curt were displaen to greated vannage and flesh collered so con hos af si so fine and so transe parent that itseemed almost like flesh itself | actual is: his legs the best shaped at court were displayed to great advantage in flesh colored silken hose of silk so fine and so transparent that it seemed almost like flesh itself.
Prediction is: a  bery well | actual is: ah very well.
Prediction is: dos your magisty then no longer belive tha dislol attent | actual is: does your majesty then no longer believe the disloyal attempt.
Prediction is: yes sire and ready dresed for the valle | actual is: yes sire and ready dressed for the ballet.
Prediction is: yes it is suppresed | actual is: yes it is suppressed.
Prediction is: the kang had complated his talet by ninaclock he appeared in an open caraged decarated with breanches of trees and flos | actual is: the king had completed his toilette by nine oclock he appeared in an open carriage decorated with branches of trees and flowers.
Prediction is: the quens had take in ther seats upon i mag nefisant dayas or platform arected upon the boarders of the lake and a theader of wonderful ellegans of construction | actual is: the queens had taken their seats upon a magnificent dias or platform erected upon the borders of the lake in a theater of wonderful elegance of construction.
Prediction is: what doyou mane in quirdloies | actual is: what do you mean inquired louis.
Prediction is: he has geven them with two much grace not to have oter s stil to give if they ar required which as the case at the present moment | actual is: he has given them with too much grace not to have others still to give if they are required which is the case at the present moment.
Prediction is: when the muusic by its bursts of mility carried away thes alestrus dancers when the sumple untutdered pand amine of tha pariat only the more natural oncoumt of the vary an different acting of the agust actors hatd reached it s comonat ing ploint of triumt thet thear shuck with tomutuleus uplas | actual is: when the music by its bursts of melody carried away these illustrious dancers when the simple untutored pantomime of that period only the more natural on account of the very indifferent acting of the august actors had reached its culminating point of triumph the theater shook with tumultuous applause.
Prediction is: distdanful of a success of which md am showd no inoligement he thought of nething but bodly reganing the markan preference of the princess | actual is: disdainful of a success of which madame showed no acknowledgement he thought of nothing but boldly regaining the marked preference of the princess.
Prediction is: not at all you are on the contrary most a greable to me | actual is: not at all you are on the contrary most agreeable to me.
Prediction is: simens to boks mintioned n an early rerlecture do not touch norige monry at all crosly | actual is: semon is two books mentioned in an earlier lecture do not touch knowledge memory at all closely.
Prediction is: if we head retaimned thor subject or act ind molege the hol topem of mimory woul hav been comparitively simple | actual is: if we had retained the subject or act in knowledge the whole problem of memory would have been comparatively simple.
Prediction is: it would seem that only rather reasent o bence canbeplaced at all accuratly by means of filings giving their tempurl relation to the present but it is cqlear that such filingcs must play an a sincial part and the prosess of daink rememberd ians | actual is: it would seem that only rather recent events can be placed at all accurately by means of feelings giving their temporal relation to the present but it is clear that such feelings must play an essential part in the process of dating remembered events.
Prediction is: whe might pevisionally the perhaps not quit corectly define mimory as that way of knowing about the pas which has no analong and al  knolige of the feathure such ad ethenission whult at le serv to mark a problim with which we are concernd thoe some expectations my deserve at to renk with memry as eregards in mediousy | actual is: we might provisionally though perhaps not quite correctly define memory as that way of knowing about the past which has no analogue in our knowledge of the future such a definition would at least serve to mark the problem with which we are concerned though some expectations may deserve to rank with memory as regards immediacy.
Prediction is: the first of aur va o but an diviiple data esepther his knowlege of the past | actual is: the first of our vague but indubitable data is that there is knowledge of the past.
Prediction is: there is now logical impossibility and the hig popaces that the wold sprang in to being a five minutsigo exacttly as hat thin was whith the population that remembered a holy unril past | actual is: there is no logical impossibility in the hypothesis that the world sprang into being five minutes ago exactly as it then was with a population that remembered a wholly unreal past.
Prediction is: i caon set to wartinow tor ememberthings i never remembed before such as what i hate for brehfas thi smorning and i can hardly be holly pabit that nables me to de thes | actual is: i can set to work now to remember things i never remembered before such as what i had to eat for breakfast this morning and it can hardly be wholly habit that enables me to do this.
Prediction is: somepointce ma re taken as fixt and such as any thery of mimbery mus oarrie at | actual is: some points may be taken as fixed and such as any theory of memory must arrive at.
Prediction is: i grona hon by the heop of citible records mih erlit to us the encimentce of its pass and people ore not so different from granlafonce as they like to beieevfe | actual is: a gramophone by the help of suitable records might relate to us the incidents of its past and people are not so different from gramophones as they like to believe.
Prediction is: an actual fact theie ard dolis verious factors thet cank ur ind giving us te filing ofgreater or less remoteness and some remembered if int | actual is: in actual fact there are doubtless various factors that concur in giving us the feeling of greater or less remoteness in some remembered event.
Prediction is: in an imigh of a well nown face for exemple someparts may fil more fimioiurt thant others wen dhis apens we have more bewief in the accuracy of the fomiliour parts tbhan inthat of the unfermillyof pants | actual is: in an image of a well known face for example some parts may feel more familiar than others when this happens we have more belief in the accuracy of the familiar parts than in that of the unfamiliar parts.
Prediction is: bhut the hafuras to attemps to meke sicoligy o recared of behagure hasd di trust his memmory and making of the recerd | actual is: the behaviourist who attempts to make psychology a record of behaviour has to trust his memory in making the record.
Prediction is: ha it is a concept in boping be curense of simmiler ofvince at differet times if the behidereust thos confidet that ther is such a thenomon on as hab it that can only be because he truss his mibery when it as seres him that ther had been other times | actual is: habit is a concept involving the occurrence of similar events at different times if the behaviourist feels confident that there is such a phenomenon as habit that can only be because he trusts his memory when it assures him that there have been other times.
Prediction is: they give wals accordting to which emmages of pass accurnses come in to our mins but tdo not discuss a bhelifhi thiese in whiahis refir to passed a cumences which his wat cositutsknolage mimmry | actual is: they give laws according to which images of past occurrences come into our minds but do not discuss our belief that these images refer to past occurrences which is what constitutes knowledge memory.
Prediction is: there is of course a differnes between nowing te tipral relation o he remembered efent to th present and nowing  the time order of two remembered events | actual is: there is of course a difference between knowing the temporal relation of a remembered event to the present and knowing the time order of two remembered events.
Prediction is:  the deffenition of my experience is difficult broughdbly speaking it is everything that is convected with what i am expeencing now by cerctan links of which the verious forms of memmry aramong the most inportant | actual is: the definition of my experience is difficult broadly speaking it is everything that is connected with what i am experiencing now by certain links of which the various forms of memory are among the most important.
Prediction is: nd this case as a most others what may be takean a certain in e bance is rather vey | actual is: in this case as in most others what may be taken as certain in advance is rather vague.
Prediction is: whenever the sinsof fulliarty accurs without a defment obcect it resus to cerchi te invirements untowear satisfid that we av founda the af propriite object which leajus to the judgment this is formilior | actual is: whenever the sense of familiarity occurs without a definite object it leads us to search the environment until we are satisfied that we have found the appropriate object which leads us to the judgment this is familiar.
Prediction is: a firther stage is recoggmistion | actual is: a further stage is recognition.
Prediction is: their ar however  ceieral pointce in mhich such an account of vrecigmition is inatiqut to begain with it mi sin a firt sihte more crrect to defind recognission as i have seen nhis before then as this has existed befor | actual is: there are however several points in which such an account of recognition is inadequate to begin with it might seem at first sight more correct to define recognition as i have seen this before than as this has existed before.
Prediction is: this nowlege is mimmry and one sence thoughn another it is not | actual is: this knowledge is memory in one sense though in another it is not.
Prediction is: we sometimes helvd inmaghes that ar by nomeans peculigurly va which yet we do not trest for example under the enflontce of fiteke we may se a fraendse facediffitly and clearly bhut porbly distorted | actual is: we sometimes have images that are by no means peculiarly vague which yet we do not trust for example under the influence of fatigue we may see a friend is face vividly and clearly but horribly distorted.
Prediction is: it is by no means always reliable almost everbody has it sometime expericsed the wellno olution that all that his happening now happened before at some tim | actual is: it is by no means always reliable almost everybody has at some time experienced the well known illusion that all that is happening now happened before at some time.
Prediction is: wht his called perception differs romsinsation by the fact that the sinsational indretencs bring up ha bitul a sirciuts emagese and expectations of their usual coreles all of which ar subjectivly in distincuisible from the sinsation | actual is: what is called perception differs from sensation by the fact that the sensational ingredients bring up habitual associates images and expectations of their usual correlates all of which are subjectively indistinguishable from the sensation.
Prediction is: whether a not dhisprincipl as lible to ecceptions every one wbuld a gree that it has abrod mesur of truth thogh theword exactling mi sement everstatement and it mi seen more correct to say that i des aproximatly  reprsent impressions | actual is: whether or not this principle is liable to exceptions everyone would agree that is has a broad measure of truth though the word exactly might seem an overstatement and it might seem more correct to say that ideas approximately represent impressions.
Prediction is: it is this that as aventurest to thery of nolech | actual is: it is this that is of interest to theory of knowledge.
Prediction is: i come now to the other caracteristick which mimmry emages must hath in other to accout for aur knowlege of the past | actual is: i come now to the other characteristic which memory images must have in order to account for our knowledge of the past.
Prediction is: they must have some carte ristick which mexes regardhanm as refuring to more eless remot portions of the past | actual is: they must have some characteristic which makes us regard them as referring to more or less remote portions of the past.
Prediction is: thus no knowladge as to the past is to be jerive from the filing a fimiliarity alond | actual is: thus no knowledge as to the past is to be derived from the feeling of familiarity alone.
Prediction is: thistdesintion as bito to the understanding of minry but it is not so easy to cary out in practise as it is to draw and fheri | actual is: this distinction is vital to the understanding of memory but it is not so easy to carry out in practice as it is to draw in theory.
Prediction is: some immaches like some sinsations fill very fom millier whille others fil strange | actual is: some images like some sensations feel very familiar while others feel strange.
Prediction is: foimiliarity is a filling capable of to gres | actual is: familiarity is a feeling capable of degrees.
Prediction is: o comfidence or lack of compfitence in the accuroucy of amimory enicghe must in fundimintal cases be bacet upon accartoeristic of the image itselff sinse wecannot av voke the past bodily and comperit with te present inagh | actual is: our confidence or lack of confidence in the accuracy of a memory image must in fundamental cases be based upon a characteristic of the image itself since we cannot evoke the past bodily and compare it with the present image.
Prediction is: the fact that a man con resihe a poum dous not showe that he reemembers in y prevvious occasion on which he has recideedt or red i | actual is: the fact that a man can recite a poem does not show that he remembers any previous occasion on which he has recited or read it.
Prediction is: recongnission and this sence duis not mes sarily invalve more that a hab it of a assoscation the cind of object weare seen at the moment is associated with the word cat or wth an outitary inmage of perin or what over other coar tristict we may hapen to rececgneze ind the cat of the moment | actual is: recognition in this sense does not necessarily involve more than a habit of association the kind of object we are seeing at the moment is associated with the word cat or with an auditory image of purring or whatever other characteristic we may happen to recognize in the cat of the moment.
Prediction is: ther maybe especifict filling which could be calld the filling of pastness especialy where imediate memmory is concernd | actual is: there may be a specific feeling which could be called the feeling of pastness especially where immediate memory is concerned.
Prediction is: the nolacis onolage were occupiacuntil lhe and of the tfirtee plecture and his the most difficult part of or hole anterprise | actual is: the analysis of knowledge will occupy us until the end of the thirteenth lecture and is the most difficult part of our whole enterprise.
Prediction is: but i di not think such in iffereence his warnted | actual is: but i do not think such an inference is warranted.
Prediction is: all tha an deing is to use its lachcaltinibility as a hope in the ennolicis of ha acurs wenwe remember | actual is: all that i am doing is to use its logical tenability as a help in the analysis of what occurs when we remember.
Prediction is: remembering hosse to be of presenta curce and some way resemtling orlated to what is remembered | actual is: remembering has to be a present occurrence in some way resembling or related to what is remembered.
Prediction is: of course the words this has existed before are of very in otaquet translation of what acxualy halppans whene we form agegment of ricigmission but that is unavotiple words or franed to expresse a level thought which is by kno man is permitive and arquit ancapable of expressing such an elle mintury accurance as  recnistshon | actual is: of course the words this has existed before are a very inadequate translation of what actually happens when we form a judgment of recognition but that is unavoidable words are framed to express a level of thought which is by no means primitive and are quite incapable of expressing such an elementary occurrence as recognition.
Prediction is:  we are of course and fhact able to jedge when we reckiginiyzs and object that we have seen ant befor but this judgement as somthing over and abo freck nistion and this first sence and may very probiply the impossible to aimals that never the less had the expeience of recagnitsion and this first sence of the word | actual is: we are of course in fact able to judge when we recognize an object that we have seen it before but this judgment is something over and above recognition in this first sense and may very probably be impossible to animals that nevertheless have the experience of recognition in this first sense of the word.
Prediction is: and what sold of evidence is ladgh repossible | actual is: and what sort of evidence is logically possible.
Prediction is: an thus if i reckongnized e thing the occasion of its previous existance and virtu of which i reconizit forms part of mi experinntce by definition the recognission will be one of the marks by which my experience is single dout from the rest of the world | actual is: thus if i recognize a thing the occasion of its previous existence in virtue of which i recognize it forms part of my experience by definition recognition will be one of the marks by which my experience is singled out from the rest of the world.
Prediction is: the woins become lost in the distance | actual is: the roarings become lost in the distance.
Prediction is: cotime time a flecy teft ofe mis whe yet some greamin lighte left upon it crops downd upon the dentcs for m gray and loses itself in the oake and apnitrable lass | actual is: from time to time a fleecy tuft of mist with yet some gleaming light left upon it drops down upon the dense floor of grey and loses itself in the opaque and impenetrable mass.
Prediction is: tosh coud semas if they were goin acusheo the see | actual is: those clouds seem as if they were going to crush the sea.
Prediction is: the wether if re mhay use theter wi chang before la | actual is: the weather if we may use that term will change before long.
Prediction is: i referd ed thi the momer it in a cats  tae figure is a boteratend | actual is: i refer to the thermometer it indicates the figure is obliterated.
Prediction is: ham sters nid | actual is: hans stirs not.
Prediction is: we suffer styfe fingpans | actual is: we suffer stifling pains.
Prediction is: that il be te safis no no nother | actual is: that will be safest no no never.
Prediction is: from the underserfos o the clons theire continu at mitiens of lurd lihke e lecre matter is in continual elution from the compon it moliculs the gasious elments of the air en to be slat with morster for inermable columns of water rush uporits into the air and fall back again in whike foll | actual is: from the under surface of the clouds there are continual emissions of lurid light electric matter is in continual evolution from their component molecules the gaseous elements of the air need to be slaked with moisture for innumerable columns of water rush upwards into the air and fall back again in white foam.
Prediction is: the ways ris o bov our heads | actual is: the waves rise above our heads.
Prediction is: the when never los but to aquire in crea strenth the bast bank of heady clouds as a huge resipor a fearful minde guests and rushing stors | actual is: the wind never lulls but to acquire increased strength the vast bank of heavy clouds is a huge reservoir of fearful windy gusts and rushing storms.
Prediction is: her comes thericglies now its up the raged stump of the mast thats it lightle leaps on the prevision back thesands wit tae light bown and just skims the potter mag asha orable | actual is: here it comes there it glides now it is up the ragged stump of the mast thence it lightly leaps on the provision bag descends with a light bound and just skims the powder magazine horrible.
Prediction is: on the mast already i see th light play o alamana sint a wils fire the oustrt sail cetch is not a breth of win and haings ikc shet of alad | actual is: on the mast already i see the light play of a lambent saint elmo is fire the outstretched sail catches not a breath of wind and hangs like a sheet of lead.
Prediction is: te air is heavy the sea his callm | actual is: the air is heavy the sea is calm.
Prediction is: a seppercatiy smell of mitar tat fils the air i eners thi strot it fils the langs | actual is: a suffocating smell of nitrogen fills the air it enters the throat it fills the lungs.
Prediction is: wen shal b glown ap but no the daslyn dis of mysterious lihte memble leaeps te side it approachoius harns who fixes his blu ey upon it seddaily it hret was the head of my unckle whe fals upon his nes ien his head down to o voided | actual is: we shall be blown up but no the dazzling disk of mysterious light nimbly leaps aside it approaches hans who fixes his blue eye upon it steadily it threatens the head of my uncle who falls upon his knees with his head down to avoid it.
Prediction is: the rapht bares arn still to the selut east | actual is: the raft bears on still to the south east.
Prediction is: bat newn thevoulantce oithe storm redebles | actual is: at noon the violence of the storm redoubles.
Prediction is: the powd op maers contenst in the watere and the aire put in the vilat action to supplie he ack om leth by the cononsation of the mist rouses itself into a world wen | actual is: the piled up vapours condense into water and the air put into violent action to supply the vacuum left by the condensation of the mists rouses itself into a whirlwind.
Prediction is: te oeletu litd conscarcely cenatrat tn the dens curne which histroped ofver the feer on which the battle of the eloents is about to be waged | actual is: the electric light can scarcely penetrate through the dense curtain which has dropped over the theatre on which the battle of the elements is about to be waged.
Prediction is: the aposferis chharg ri vaers prevated bie eo at tro sy generated by the avapration of segring waters | actual is: the atmosphere is charged with vapours pervaded with the electricity generated by the evaporation of saline waters.
Prediction is: is the atosfer conditing having wot cs reached estencity to be come fadle | actual is: is the atmospheric condition having once reached this density to become final.
Prediction is:  the atmesfer as evident ly charsed and sirchar ith let threcity | actual is: the atmosphere is evidently charged and surcharged with electricity.
Prediction is: the farmal half of it why haf azer blu and the sie maten in shi mo soly about the raft but revobing on its own acxes weit ha stornichin fholocity as if with round by a force of the worlwand | actual is: the fireball half of it white half azure blue and the size of a ten inch shell moved slowly about the raft but revolving on its own axis with astonishing velocity as if whipped round by the force of the whirlwind.
Prediction is: there is a havey stor  coming an i cried poining towards the horizind | actual is: there is a heavy storm coming on i cried pointing towards the horizon.
Prediction is: buti we have now sease to adbacs by do eyat lea that sai luse whch at the firt shock of ae tempest the capcises in the moment | actual is: but if we have now ceased to advance why do we yet leave that sail loose which at the first shock of the tempest may capsize us in a moment.
Prediction is: each omus is lashe to somepar o the raft | actual is: each of us is lashed to some part of the raft.
Prediction is: he knods his conset | actual is: he nods his consent.
Prediction is: a seeme to be we are lost but i a not sure | actual is: they seem to be we are lost but i am not sure.
Prediction is: ousto oup the fan and glovs and as the hol was very heaht she cet famin herself all the time she welt on taky do you dear how quear everything is to day | actual is: alice took up the fan and gloves and as the hall was very hot she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking dear dear how queer everything is to day.
Prediction is: i wolderf ive been changed in the night | actual is: i wonder if i have been changed in the night.
Prediction is: it was the wite rabi returne splendedly jesed ben apar white kid gobs in wonin and a large fan in the other he cane trotting alon and a grate hury metering to himself as e ca oh the duces the dues  | actual is: it was the white rabbit returning splendidly dressed with a pair of white kid gloves in one hand and a large fan in the other he came trotting along in a great hurry muttering to himself as he came oh the duchess the duchess.
Prediction is: and how od the diections were wook | actual is: and how odd the directions will look.
Prediction is: wit wlt talk about her any more if yo rother no we andeeed | actual is: we will not talk about her any more if you would rather not we indeed.
Prediction is: por als | actual is: poor alice.
Prediction is: i alml stake i can amember feeling a litle diffeent | actual is: i almost think i can remember feeling a little different.
Prediction is: im so very tired a being all abone here | actual is: i am so very tired of being all alone here.
Prediction is: no udmid if my mond aboutit if in mable a sta down her | actual is: no i have made up my mind about it if i am mabel i will stay down here.
Prediction is: i shall never ge tichquenty at that ragt | actual is: i shall never get to twenty at that rate.
Prediction is: ill tryy if i kno al the things iguse to nou | actual is: i will try if i know all the things i used to know.
Prediction is: howt serfully he seems to guet an ho net leaspred his cals and wel ca little fishis in would getly smaling jos | actual is: how cheerfully he seems to grin how neatly spread his claws and welcome little fishes in with gently smiling jaws.
Prediction is: i a very tire oa swomming about here o mos | actual is: i am very tired of swimming about here o mouse.
Prediction is: and yester day thince went onjest is usual | actual is: and yesterday things went on just as usual.
Prediction is: chrihd elese again for this time the mous was weselin all over and she felt certan it mus bet rilly af fendtd | actual is: cried alice again for this time the mouse was bristling all over and she felt certain it must be really offended.
Prediction is: it l be no yuse their puttingtheir heads down and sang colup of den der | actual is: it will be no use their putting their heads down and saying come up again dear.
Prediction is: i wich a had nt cried so much said allice as she swim about tringd to flander way out | actual is: i wish i had not cried so much said alice as she swam about trying to find her way out.
Prediction is: o whaot she be savage if ia ceptho  waty | actual is: oh will not she be savage if i have kept her waiting.
Prediction is: i shal be putishd fort now i supposed bu being trownd hn my own tears | actual is: i shall be punished for it now i suppose by being drowned in my own tears.
Prediction is: and i declar it s two bad that it is | actual is: and i declare it is too bad that it is.
Prediction is: that wel be aquer fae to be sure | actual is: that will be a queer thing to be sure.
Prediction is: i take this us my ansher and i leae dto prorfessor t bit his lips with impations | actual is: i take this as my answer and i leave the professor to bite his lips with impatience.
Prediction is: it is ja s a nornus and a coutyg naturalest itis ar bud no lest thand purhmed ant ady to teefh | actual is: its jaw is enormous and according to naturalists it is armed with no less than one hundred and eighty two teeth.
Prediction is: fliht was out of the question nowt the reptos rose they willd aroun our little rat with ta repitiy graterd an that of expresse trnit | actual is: flight was out of the question now the reptiles rose they wheeled around our little raft with a rapidity greater than that of express trains.
Prediction is: senda alr te sixtat | actual is: sunday august sixteenth.
Prediction is:  tuseday otist eightet | actual is: tuesday august eighteenth.
Prediction is: setterdit o this fifteen the se andbroke in all raup no lan and sight | actual is: saturday august fifteenth the sea unbroken all round no land in sight.
Prediction is: he called the seapi an  long thwace tokin a little sale | actual is: he called this sea a pond and our long voyage taking a little sail.
Prediction is: i shuter as i recalle these mosters to y remembrets | actual is: i shudder as i recall these monsters to my remembrance.
Prediction is: therefore do not talk me about fes and pospecx | actual is: therefore do not talk to me about views and prospects.
Prediction is:  suddenly the ict the assurice and the plescy sors disappear beow leaving worpol eatdying in the water | actual is: suddenly the ichthyosaurus and the plesiosaurus disappear below leaving a whirlpool eddying in the water.
Prediction is: ther s a wel awe cried the professer | actual is: there is a whale a whale cried the professor.
Prediction is: i suppose professa leadeng brock was of miv pinonto and even shure my feers pr acter hading exame in the pack his eyesed trofers to otion fromsi deside | actual is: i suppose professor liedenbrock was of my opinion too and even shared my fears for after having examined the pick his eyes traversed the ocean from side to side.
Prediction is: it must be is wide as tae tedit randit or they lannic and wyne iit | actual is: it must be as wide as the mediterranean or the atlantic and why not.
Prediction is: these thought aditaedg the all day ain my magination scarce lhe come down after several ar sle | actual is: these thoughts agitated me all day and my imagination scarcely calmed down after several hours sleep.
Prediction is: dering his wach i slepd | actual is: during his watch i slept.
Prediction is: she mosteris onmy recrating all thiscomotiot and the for myr eys ar o reptos of the primiten wold | actual is: two monsters only were creating all this commotion and before my eyes are two reptiles of the primitive world.
Prediction is: one might be wut bus reason than now | actual is: one might be with less reason than now.
Prediction is: we r rising time and the factis i hve not come all this way to takllitl sal uponpon unor graft | actual is: we are losing time and the fact is i have not come all this way to take a little sail upon a pond on a raft.
Prediction is: the shot w of the bat was cleary out line upon the serfice of the was | actual is: the shadow of the raft was clearly outlined upon the surface of the waves.
Prediction is: but their seem no reason a fear | actual is: but there seemed no reason to fear.
Prediction is:  yoseem ansius my ancle i said seen ham continuly with his cglas to his ey angous | actual is: you seem anxious my uncle i said seeing him continually with his glass to his eye anxious.
Prediction is: as for he if e soris as he returned ho sumering tavern | actual is: as for the ichthyosaurus has he returned to his submarine cavern.
Prediction is: treey the se is of intiment wit | actual is: truly this sea is of infinite width.
Prediction is: teratht wats hed up on wary mon and pitched downigae and a distence a twey fatems | actual is: the raft was heaved up on a watery mountain and pitched down again at a distance of twenty fathoms.
Prediction is: i saw at the hembred lesit  the skilitad of one othe is creaturs ther hy feet in leke | actual is: i saw at the hamburg museum the skeleton of one of these creatures thirty feet in length.
Prediction is: the hriseat sems extrame he distat | actual is: the horizon seems extremely distant.
Prediction is: two ors abtwards atterible shok a wot me | actual is: two hours afterwards a terrible shock awoke me.
Prediction is: i have not complaing atd the radt o slow but that the set hi so wid | actual is: i am not complaining that the rate is slow but that the sea is so wide.
Prediction is: all my danger and sefferit were nedy to stricc a spark of human feing at of thir but now that i am well is natur has resamed it sway | actual is: all my danger and sufferings were needed to strike a spark of human feeling out of him but now that i am well his nature has resumed its sway.
Prediction is: those huge creatous attack each other with a greates animocity | actual is: those huge creatures attacked each other with the greatest animosity.
Prediction is: nothing knew whether unchaged the wim freshins | actual is: nothing new weather unchanged the wind freshens.
Prediction is: i can istiuishd thy y of it the as soris glowly lek a thed hoht co and is large as a man is head | actual is: i can distinguish the eye of the ichthyosaurus glowing like a red hot coal and as large as a man is head.
Prediction is: it must be ond and no one was more ready to confessit then himself that his literary atainments were by nomians of e high worter | actual is: it must be owned and no one was more ready to confess it than himself that his literary attainments were by no means of a high order.
Prediction is: the bond of unian bass iffected couldnever be sevred and althouh bensifs a chevements had fairly urned him the right of retirem it he firndly depind all honors ore anypention that migh part him from his supperior officer | actual is: the bond of union thus effected could never be severed and although ben zoof is achievements had fairly earned him the right of retirement he firmly declined all honors or any pension that might part him from his superior officer.
Prediction is: once and actionlhy ws leading at detahron of imfantrytheu hin intrenchmron | actual is: once in action he was leading a detachment of infantry through an intrenchment.
Prediction is: what apridat in the aie cavelry he had been on the point of quiting the army and twenty a years of age but on expectedbly he had be appoint ed orderly to captaen s ervr dack | actual is: when a private in the eighth cavalry he had been on the point of quitting the army at twenty eight years of age but unexpectedly he had been appointed orderly to captain servadac.
Prediction is: sometimestwo wutd wander on foot upon the sand shoren sometimes he would enjoy arrid a ong the summit at the clif altogether being and now hery at all to bring his ased to an and | actual is: sometimes he would wander on foot upon the sandy shore and sometimes he would enjoy a ride along the summit of the cliff altogether being in no hurry at all to bring his task to an end.
Prediction is: we do not spin tops as a favort sayin amonxstartilary officers indecaing that they dinout shurpe their duty by frirviliss persuts but it must be comfesst the servead ta hack beng maturaly eidl was very much given a spiing tops | actual is: we do not spin tops is a favorite saying amongst artillery officers indicating that they do not shirk their duty by frivolous pursuits but it must be confessed that servadac being naturally idle was very much given to spinning tops.
Prediction is: nokca fetral nadevhen buros itself could by with the church it mot marta | actual is: no cathedral not even burgos itself could vie with the church at montmartre.
Prediction is: thensofs most ambicious disire was to induce the captain to go with him and end his days in his much loved home and so insesitly were servid ax years beceged with descriptions of the unparalo buuties and itvantages of this eighttanet our ondisime all af paris that he couldscarcely here the nam of mot marr withat aconcious thril of aversion | actual is: ben zoof is most ambitious desire was to induce the captain to go with him and end his days in his much loved home and so incessantly were servadac is ears besieged with descriptions of the unparalleled beauties and advantages of this eighteenth arrondissement of paris that he could scarcely hear the name of montmartre without a conscious thrill of aversion.
Prediction is: lenk of service forteen years three monts san five days | actual is: length of service fourteen years three months and five days.
Prediction is: he seemed born to plee withot being conscious of the power he prosessed | actual is: he seemed born to please without being conscious of the power he possessed.
Prediction is: on mlik has master he made no pretention to ani gift of poetic power but his in exossible memry made him a living in syce lapetia and for histock of anic dots and thrupers thales he was machtless | actual is: unlike his master he made no pretension to any gift of poetic power but his inexhaustible memory made him a living encyclopaedia and for his stock of anecdotes and trooper is tales he was matchless.
Prediction is: af the earth has amdobtandly entered upon a new orbit but she has not ancuring any probable risk of bing prsipitated on to the sun | actual is: the earth has undoubtedly entered upon a new orbit but she is not incurring any probable risk of being precipitated onto the sun.
Prediction is: it is dept remained invariable still for or at most five fadems and althou iti botm was a siuously dreadged it was only to provvit barin of maremn production of any tie | actual is: its depth remained invariable still four or at most five fathoms and although its bottom was assiduously dredged it was only to prove it barren of marine production of any type.
Prediction is: another cercumstance was most remarkbl | actual is: another circumstance was most remarkable.
Prediction is: and what demenstration do you offer asked sirvidackt egrly that it will not hapn | actual is: and what demonstration do you offer asked servadac eagerly that it will not happen.
Prediction is: ther si no her that sir | actual is: there is no fear of that sir.
Prediction is: for fumiles she followd the line hither two presumably occupied by the coast aboujeria but no land appeare to the south | actual is: for a few miles she followed the line hitherto presumably occupied by the coast of algeria but no land appeared to the south.
Prediction is: her see oing qualitis were exelent and whalt han amply suficed fora circalm mavigation of the globe | actual is: her sea going qualities were excellent and would have amply sufficed for a circumnavigation of the globe.
Prediction is: the lae hon acompose therefore we able to be called upon to do the work of the sextet which had become utterly useless | actual is: the log and the compass therefore were able to be called upon to do the work of the sextant which had become utterly useless.
Prediction is: would not the loftieste eminences uf the city andlea s pe visible | actual is: would not the loftiest eminences of the city at least be visible.
Prediction is: although only a moder it brees was blowing the see was rogh a cercumstance to be accouted foure only by the dimmunationat in the force of the hartsatraction rendering te liquuld paricle so boaat that by the mer effect of osolation th recaryed to height it was quit unpressedented | actual is: although only a moderate breeze was blowing the sea was rough a circumstance to be accounted for only by the diminution in the force of the earth is attraction rendering the liquid particles so buoyant that by the mere effect of oscillation they were carried to a height that was quite unprecedented.
Prediction is: otian ramed spraine | actual is: ocean reigned supreme.
Prediction is: to the surprise of all and especialy of thit enm a proko the line indocateed a botem atd ameaarly u aform dep af from fortefive fahems and although the sounding was perseveard with continuusly for mor than two howrs over a considerable aria the differences of levle were insignifinan not cor sponding in the aning tegre to what would be expected over the sight of a city that had been terist like the seat so ean amp athetter | actual is: to the surprise of all and especially of lieutenant procope the line indicated a bottom at a nearly uniform depth of from four to five fathoms and although the sounding was persevered with continuously for more than two hours over a considerable area the differences of level were insignificant not corresponding in any degree to what would be expected over the site of a city that had been terraced like the seats of an amphitheater.
Prediction is: all the emmages of his passed life flotered upon his memry his thought spet away to his nade av francs only to return again to wonder wet hat the dath sovotion would reiall any traces of the ojery an the tropil us | actual is: all the images of his past life floated upon his memory his thoughts sped away to his native france only to return again to wonder whether the depths of ocean would reveal any traces of the algerian metropolis.
Prediction is: the late astounding avencs however had render proko manifastly an esy and not the lasso from his consciousness that the counnt secratly partock of his own anxieity | actual is: the late astounding events however had rendered procope manifestly uneasy and not the less so from his consciousness that the count secretly partook of his own anxiety.
Prediction is: nothing wast we done but to put about and return in disappointment toward the north | actual is: nothing was to be done but to put about and return in disappointment towards the north.
Prediction is: stam op an canta sprad the scuonere starteidt hestwards | actual is: steam up and canvas spread the schooner started eastwards.
Prediction is: after pondering awile he said if we were farther awe i shul expect to find a dept of two r thre hundred fathem su instead of five fatims five faems | actual is: after pondering awhile he said if we were farther away i should expect to find a depth of two or three hundred fathoms instead of five fathoms five fathoms.
Prediction is: you mus sete letement i should think that we are not so neaf th coaset ofboujeria is you unm agied | actual is: you must see lieutenant i should think that we are not so near the coast of algeria as you imagined.
Prediction is: his it not impossible he murmered aloud that any city should disappear so conpletply | actual is: is it not impossible he murmured aloud that any city should disappear so completely.
Prediction is: aftern aprentish ip on a merchant ship he had entered the imperial naby and had already reachd the rank of le tenit hon the count appointed him to the charge of his own privit yot an which he was ac cos thome to spend by far t a greater part of his time thrghout the wint her generaly cresing in a mati terranian whosed in the summer he visitet one norther waters | actual is: after an apprenticeship on a merchant ship he had entered the imperial navy and had already reached the rank of lieutenant when the count appointed him to the charge of his own private yacht in which he was accustomed to spend by far the greater part of his time throughout the winter generally cruising in the mediterranean whilst in the summer he visited more northern waters.
Prediction is: before starting i was indespensible that the engion of the debrina should be repared to sale under canus only wood in contrary wins and ruh seas be both pedious and difficult | actual is: before starting it was indispensable that the engine of the dobryna should be repaired to sail under canvas only would in contrary winds and rough seas be both tedious and difficult.
Prediction is: it was quite tru than a vassl was in siht hardly mor then sixmiles from the shore but owing to the incres inthy erts conbecxity an the consiquentlimitation of the range of vision the riging of the tont masts alone was dvisible above the water | actual is: it was quite true that a vessel was in sight hardly more than six miles from the shore but owing to the increase in the earth is convexity and the consequent limitation of the range of vision the rigging of the topmasts alone was visible above the water.
Prediction is: doubtis now arose an some discussion followed whether anot it was desirable for bensif to a company his master | actual is: doubts now arose and some discussion followed whether or not it was desirable for ben zoof to accompany his master.
Prediction is: a slit dimunation ind the excessibly hight temperasure which had prevailed for the last ew weekts was the only apparan change in the genral order of thins but wetther this was to be attributed to any alteration on the arts orbet was a question which would stil require several bas to deside | actual is: a slight diminution in the excessively high temperature which had prevailed for the last few weeks was the only apparent change in the general order of things but whether this was to be attributed to any alteration in the earth is orbit was a question which would still require several days to decide.
Prediction is: to all thesinquores the count responded in the afarmitite | actual is: to all these inquiries the count responded in the affirmative.
Prediction is: slightly changing her course she first t struck her main sal and in orse of a sillitate the movemence of eur homsman soon carried nothing but her two tosals regonteen and jib | actual is: slightly changing her course she first struck her mainsail and in order to facilitate the movements of her helmsman soon carried nothing but her two topsails brigantine and jib.
Prediction is: you will takge mey on bord countawie you nout | actual is: you will take me on board count will you not.
Prediction is: if the count were on bord tha strange fatality was bringing himd the presence of his rivl | actual is: if the count were on board a strange fatality was bringing him to the presence of his rival.
Prediction is: i left you on a contiment and here i have the honer af finding you on an ilend | actual is: i left you on a continent and here i have the honor of finding you on an island.
Prediction is: the count shook his head | actual is: the count shook his head.
Prediction is: she is undersale tat she his countimmashets yout he was right | actual is: she is under sail but she is count timascheff is yacht he was right.
Prediction is: some misterious force seemed to ham broght about a convultion of the elimens | actual is: some mysterious force seemed to have brought about a convulsion of the elements.
Prediction is: nothing more than you know yourself | actual is: nothing more than you know yourself.
Prediction is: nevermin no in troposed the captaon we wil talk of that by an by | actual is: never mind now interposed the captain we will talk of that by and by.
Prediction is: my yot his actura servise sir eeven shoul you require to makeatowerround the world | actual is: my yacht is at your service sir even should you require to make a tour round the world.
Prediction is: for some momencs he seemed perfectly stufifide and ten recovering himself he begaen o over wel the count with a torent of questions | actual is: for some moments he seemed perfectly stupefied then recovering himself he began to overwhelm the count with a torrent of questions.
Prediction is: excime servadack keping as i anmoved at his tellescop | actual is: exclaimed servadac keeping his eye unmoved at his telescope.
Prediction is: the wind biing and berse the doerin at did not make very rapped trongres but as the wether and spie of a few clouds remaned com and the see was quite s moo she was anabled to hoe tha stady corse | actual is: the wind being adverse the dobryna did not make very rapid progress but as the weather in spite of a few clouds remained calm and the sea was quite smooth she was enabled to hold a steady course.
Prediction is: servi d ac to cit forgranted that thithe brinat was adevering to put in | actual is: servadac took it for granted that the dobryna was endeavoring to put in.
Prediction is: fast as his legs could carry him server thac had made his wey to the top of the clifh | actual is: fast as his legs could carry him servadac had made his way to the top of the cliff.
Prediction is: a thero chanal formed a passage though the ridgof rocs thet prortected it from the opene se and which even in the rofesed weather wouldin shore the comness of its waters | actual is: a narrow channel formed a passage through the ridge of rocks that protected it from the open sea and which even in the roughest weather would ensure the calmness of its waters.
Prediction is: it was on the lastay ofjanury that the repars of the scuoner were complated | actual is: it was on the last day of january that the repairs of the schooner were completed.
Prediction is: he wreckan therefore not only upon asertaining bhe extenpt of the lat atpasterfhy but upon murning its cause | actual is: he reckoned therefore not only upon ascertaining the extent of the late catastrophe but upon learning its cause.
Prediction is: ore you sertain that this is the menat oraniam | actual is: are you certain that this is the mediterranean.
Prediction is: captain servead dac hasend toward him | actual is: captain servadac hastened towards him.
Prediction is: everychance he could steol after prackis ours were over and affer the clameres t e mans of the boys upon her time werfully satisfied wha seesed the flioe towings of the wind to the lowers | actual is: every chance she could steal after practice hours were over and after the clamorous demands of the boys upon her time were fully satisfied was seized to fly on the wings of the wind to the flowers.
Prediction is: her she woutds day comfortidanso themon belovely plance and rich exoutics rejoicing the hart of old turn of a gardoner who sets paly is pirs raptrous entrence had taken her indo his good graces fore al time | actual is: here she would stay comforted and soothed among the lovely plants and rich exotics rejoicing the heart of old turner the gardener who since polly is first rapturous entrance had taken her into his good graces for all time.
Prediction is: o she is allwy that the pino sat man she must be ther now somewhere and then som budy mad | actual is: oh she is always at the piano said van she must be there now somewhere and then somebody laughed.
Prediction is: at mast he came out of them and whife his bas binurasly | actual is: at last he came out of them and wiped his face vigorously.
Prediction is: she askd him positly i d ednt belee you cold perswayd him bather | actual is: she asked impulsively i did not believe you could persuade her father.
Prediction is: i d id no haveny fear s i i workd toritly shat the alld gentlman complacently | actual is: i did not have any fears if i worked it rightly said the old gentleman complacently.
Prediction is: theyar me a jaculathad the alld gentlman and the otmost amaisment and such a time as iv had tho gaet her here to | actual is: dear me ejaculated the old gentleman in the utmost amazement and such a time as i have had to get her here too.
Prediction is: ber japp you got it lah pursy while the other scremed a beside of jasprespas | actual is: there jap you have caught it laughed percy while the others screamed at the sight of jasper is face.
Prediction is: is ane splendet cried jasper and intens pried swating up bather  new ha to do it | actual is: is not he splendid cried jasper in intense pride swelling up father knew how to do it.
Prediction is: and the elvd entlomen was sodaligted with is sices that he had teperst out in to a seris of shorend happebit tho laugter bhut o cuplied liteus pace of time | actual is: and the old gentleman was so delighted with his success that he had to burst out into a series of short happy bits of laughter that occupied quite a space of time.
Prediction is: but paley could not speak and at jas per had not potterd just in time she would avptumbled overbackward from the stol dronsy an al | actual is: but polly could not speak and if jasper had not caught her just in time she would have tumbled over backward from the stool phronsie and all.
Prediction is: ther there he said suvingly patting her brownd pas he had | actual is: there there he said soothingly patting her brown fuzzy head.
Prediction is: a nogeapter i toes go by lie bery ownfelf | actual is: oh no jasper i must go by my very own self.
Prediction is: some ho of all the days when the home beling wath the strongest this day at seemed as hif shecould ber at no longgher | actual is: somehow of all the days when the home feeling was the strongest this day it seemed as if she could bear it no longer.
Prediction is: at this utbundo opend suddnly and out popp ronsy | actual is: at this the bundle opened suddenly and out popped phronsie.
Prediction is: askd bonzy wither itle face close the pothiy is on | actual is: asked phronsie with her little face close to polly is own.
Prediction is: do not mind it poly whispere jasper peasent her bout | actual is: do not mind it polly whispered jasper twas not her fault.
Prediction is: if he would only thee pronse fer just one moment | actual is: if she could only see phronsie for just one moment.
Prediction is: nagal stday cried man say pal the lont you | actual is: now you will stay cried van say polly will not you.
Prediction is: then er said misus wit mne you lust be kind to to her thanever thenk what e ould be for one of yo to be away from home even among fen | actual is: then dear said missus whitney you must be kinder to her than ever think what it would be for one of you to be away from home even among friends.
Prediction is: had eit her mother ever lhat her go | actual is: how did her mother ever let her go.
Prediction is: oh illir that dearestan best mister king i over sa but hoded you make mammi that her com | actual is: oh you are the dearest and best mister king i ever saw but how did you make mammy let her come.
Prediction is: aske ponsy and intense interes slipping down out o polyis arms and crowding up close to gasprerside | actual is: asked phronsie in intense interest slipping down out of polly is arms and crowding up close to jasper is side.
Prediction is: he cried and high dugan justas if he ond the hole of the peters and could dispos of them all hi sut his mancy | actual is: he cried in high dudgeon just as if he owned the whole of the peppers and could dispose of them all to suit his fancy.
Prediction is: i kno gasked poly contoling her sobes amlt only i can not thank you | actual is: i know gasped polly controlling her sobs i will not only i can not thank you.
Prediction is: yes all alone by himself assertod jasper veimantlyand winking pperioufly to the others o stought their laghing he did now trely proncy | actual is: yes all alone by himself asserted jasper vehemently and winking furiously to the others to stop their laughing he did now truly phronsie.
Prediction is: tan olour glood dimes are over | actual is: then all our good times are over.
Prediction is: at at pired of seeng man an horses going oupbun down op len down | actual is: i get tired of seeing men and horses going up and down up and down.
Prediction is: yes do no ou | actual is: yes do not you.
Prediction is: tank you ha returnd a shartly | actual is: thank you he returned shortly.
Prediction is: frnk rading gles tily andthemore he bed about tis te boiste cas the anderyn er he gre | actual is: frank read english slowly and the more he read about this divorce case the angrier he grew.
Prediction is: i can not play with you woulik coloble boy anymoe he sat s lole that i what you mesmory | actual is: i can not play with you like a little boy any more he said slowly that is what you miss marie.
Prediction is: i ol kno ol ofh them but i nobeen an dy | actual is: i do not know all of them but i know lindens are.
Prediction is: i am sore o axander hope you wils fayn her she marmered | actual is: i am sure alexandra hopes you will stay on here she murmured.
Prediction is: i  atheris o much on la  seems pant of stad an scolteatre | actual is: oh ever so much only he seems kind of staid and school teachery.
Prediction is: bet ar to was spackling and rippling in the sun | actual is: the orchard was sparkling and rippling in the sun.
Prediction is: seee your not thinking o going of there | actual is: surely you are not thinking of going off there.
Prediction is: ta hont lastd it il go away and theenswill be dust as they os to | actual is: that will not last it will go away and things will be just as they used to.
Prediction is: i ai | actual is: oh emil.
Prediction is: it would serve you all right if she walked of with cil | actual is: it would serve you all right if she walked off with carl.
Prediction is: i buat om clad to g t his place mod | actual is: oh but i am glad to get this place mowed.
Prediction is: ii woant to be doling srom ming on my ownaccount | actual is: i want to be doing something on my own account.
Prediction is: a jis blashed loket hisvbiter wips ol ofer the grass | actual is: are not you splashed look at the spider webs all over the grass.
Prediction is: it don ot t stand arount of mok on | actual is: i do not want to stand around and look on.
Prediction is: if i feal that way i fiol that way | actual is: if i feel that way i feel that way.
Prediction is: some times i do not want to do eanything at all and some times i lante to pul thfore corners of ta devied together he threue out his arm and broughtid back wit a jrk so plikehed table clof | actual is: sometimes i do not want to do anything at all and sometimes i want to pull the four corners of the divide together he threw out his arm and brought it back with a jerk so like a table cloth.
Prediction is: a breath guind at come ot tan was driing pupy whihte cliw to cros thesky | actual is: a brisk wind had come up and was driving puffy white clouds across the sky.
Prediction is: we never hadso many up themin habefore | actual is: we never had so many of them in here before.
Prediction is: ind a fyu a moments he heard the chari stroping smirtly into the paile and he began to swing his sive with that long even stroke that voe a marikand bos ever arn | actual is: in a few moments he heard the cherries dropping smartly into the pail and he began to swing his scythe with that long even stroke that few american boys ever learn.
Prediction is: just sro a wile rhoses they a alltwey so spicy after arain | actual is: just smell the wild roses they are always so spicy after a rain.
Prediction is: he droped a handon into he ap | actual is: he dropped a handful into her lap.
Prediction is: and anhehathers nothing to understand | actual is: and anyhow there is nothing to understand.
Prediction is: i prey for you but that it nota sam as if you prad yoursel | actual is: i pray for you but that is not the same as if you prayed yourself.
Prediction is: bo rese face fo under his brouting gavs | actual is: marie is face fell under his brooding gaze.
Prediction is: i wi shyo wat so refis and did no git so wroced o overthings she sait satly | actual is: i wish you were not so restless and did not get so worked up over things she said sadly.
Prediction is: that invitation desied her | actual is: that invitation decided her.
Prediction is: i liked at tolk to al about e your and lat af fellowcon du dher | actual is: i like to talk to carl about new york and what a fellow can do there.
Prediction is: but a mi ift i understand an alr cod times ere odver we cauld neverdo nise things thogather any moe | actual is: but emil if i understand then all our good times are over we can never do nice things together any more.
Prediction is: isathos that ifol lit desn to w them | actual is: i suppose that is the wet season too then.
Prediction is: and heu mever us to be cosse to me | actual is: and you never used to be cross to me.
Prediction is: i supos its the wet season while you have to cotpem to | actual is: i suppose it is the wet season will you have to cut them too.
Prediction is: it dexriting o the eveething growing sro fath and dodgat the gras cut | actual is: it is exciting to see everything growing so fast and to get the grass cut.
Prediction is: mo re side | actual is: marie sighed.
Prediction is: that summer the rans ad been so many and opperto that it was almost mortan shab outa and has man could do tho e ep up with the car the gorcured was a neglected willdenes | actual is: that summer the rains had been so many and opportune that it was almost more than shabata and his man could do to keep up with the corn the orchard was a neglected wilderness.
Prediction is: when she is to peln y about him wa al his wondeed whether she was in o little lhemo with him | actual is: when she used to tell me about him i always wondered whether she was not a little in love with him.
Prediction is: le ere pice jhais and shang softly to hersel stripping oneglittering ranch after another shivering when she tought a shar a randrop on her nek and hair | actual is: marie picked cherries and sang softly to herself stripping one glittering branch after another shivering when she caught a shower of raindrops on her neck and hair.
Prediction is: i cannt pray to hape tothings i wand he said s lowley and i walntd prayn not to have hem not a fin damed bfoid | actual is: i can not pray to have the things i want he said slowly and i will not pray not to have them not if i am damned for it.
Prediction is: and ammy alot his ways lowhly down toard the jary tree | actual is: and emil mowed his way slowly down toward the cherry trees.
Prediction is: he eachedot among thebraces and began tho pak the sweet insi id frot long eve rec otherd bary ticped wth made t pin lik lighte col that falto the bround unhedid all som er three | actual is: he reached up among the branches and began to pick the sweet insipid fruit long ivory colored berries tipped with faint pink like white coral that fall to the ground unheeded all summer through.
Prediction is: his wife now lise beside him and the whihte shap that marks theire braves blemes across the weat fels | actual is: his wife now lies beside him and the white shaft that marks their graves gleams across the wheat fields.
Prediction is: there is even a whyt throl of be hives an the artured under the wall that jrees | actual is: there is even a white row of beehives in the orchard under the walnut trees.
Prediction is: from the nore wedan gbrea yid one lookis outover a vast jecerboard marked offin squares af wheet and con liht and dar dark and light | actual is: from the norwegian graveyard one looks out over a vast checker board marked off in squares of wheat and corn light and dark dark and light.
Prediction is: how prowd he af go tonce you came home i wish i had am aly to ko my orcured | actual is: how brown you have got since you came home i wish i had an athlete to mow my orchard.
Prediction is: from the gra yart gae one cancon tot dos an galy paint at arm houses the gilldit wether vains on the big red barns wenk at each other acros tha grean and brownd and yet owf bels | actual is: from the graveyard gate one can count a dozen gayly painted farmhouses the gilded weather vanes on the big red barns wink at each other across the green and brown and yellow fields.
Prediction is: andhy one darabout woul have told you that this was one of ther richest arms ofn the divid and that the far er was a woman out ixantra bersin | actual is: any one thereabouts would have told you that this was one of the richest farms on the divide and that the farmer was a woman alexandra bergson.
Prediction is: at axanter dat ho sleep lit | actual is: alexandra lets you sleep late.
Prediction is: he was a speended fic ure of a bo pal and streat as a young pintre with ha hand some head and storm me gray ey sdep le set undereceriusbro | actual is: he was a splendid figure of a boy tall and straight as a young pine tree with a handsome head and stormy gray eyes deeply set under a serious brow.
Prediction is: they thin your prod because youha then a wiyheto schoo ar somephing | actual is: they think you are proud because you have been away to school or something.
Prediction is: i never see los sie over er | actual is: i never see lou is scythe over here.
Prediction is: that is not much af a jop for an avlet he re i thene a twn and back | actual is: that is not much of a job for an athlete here i have been to town and back.
Prediction is: indeetd he had looked away with tha perpas of not seeing it | actual is: indeed he had looked away with the purpose of not seeing it.
Prediction is: on ether side of the rod for a mile tafore yu reached the fort of the hil stood tal o sage or an cheges the gassy pre moking ofthe olor fields | actual is: on either side of the road for a mile before you reached the foot of the hill stood tall osage orange hedges their glossy green marking off the yellow fields.
Prediction is: plaose wait for mimery ani cokst | actual is: please wait for me marie emil coaxed.
Prediction is: bhut ar and te er far curious lemadethe hd and inter mingod as if the one wither breath of the other | actual is: the air and the earth are curiously mated and intermingled as if the one were the breath of the other.
Prediction is: shegathere up her rains | actual is: she gathered up her reins.
Prediction is: i get whet to mi mes hen i go d own to pick chai | actual is: i get wet to my knees when i go down to pick cherries.
Prediction is: it is sixteng years sine john burks an did | actual is: it is sixteen years since john bergson died.
Prediction is: there was something indivit youalf about the great farm a most undusual cinness and caefeordetal | actual is: there was something individual about the great farm a most unusual trimness and care for detail.
Prediction is: why one moning their came an quatity af people in set to work in the loft | actual is: why one morning there came a quantity of people and set to work in the loft.
Prediction is: thought the firtry and theleveit all becase the man wre told te story was so gold looking well wel | actual is: thought the fir tree and believed it all because the man who told the story was so good looking well well.
Prediction is: wisin a cornr that he lay an ong eleds and nettales | actual is: it was in a corner that he lay among weeds and nettles.
Prediction is: o that made him so angry | actual is: oh that made him so angry.
Prediction is: nif donly were nont so dark hertern so tebleed lonly | actual is: if it only were not so dark here and so terribly lonely.
Prediction is: time anougf had he two for his reflections for days and nights passed on an no byty came up andw it t last som butdhy did com ite was only to put some great trucs in ha corner out of the way | actual is: time enough had he too for his reflections for days and nights passed on and nobody came up and when at last somebody did come it was only to put some great trunks in a corner out of the way.
Prediction is: how kined man is after all | actual is: how kind man is after all.
Prediction is: astory | actual is: a story.
Prediction is: where i in the mon mrn with all a splunder in mignificese | actual is: were i in the warm room with all the splendor and magnificence.
Prediction is: and then he told all about his yuth an te little mice had never heard the like be for and they lisstend an said | actual is: and then he told all about his youth and the little mice had never heard the like before and they listened and said.
Prediction is: and he leaned against the wal lost ind revery | actual is: and he leaned against the wall lost in reverie.
Prediction is: in a em the would cuters always came and felds ot a largos treees | actual is: in autumn the wood cutters always came and felled some of the largest trees.
Prediction is: they snuftd about the firtree and russleda ongt the branches | actual is: they snuffed about the fir tree and rustled among the branches.
Prediction is: at last the bittle mice stae away allso an the tree side after al it was very pleasende whin thesmek lithtle mi sat round me and lissene to what i told them | actual is: at last the little mice stayed away also and the tree sighed after all it was very pleasant when the sleek little mice sat round me and listened to what i told them.
Prediction is: no said the tree | actual is: no said the tree.
Prediction is: the wouod flame d ubp splendedly under the large broing coper and it side so seeply | actual is: the wood flamed up splendidly under the large brewing copper and it sighed so deeply.
Prediction is: andthe whole night the tree stood still and indeete thought | actual is: and the whole night the tree stood still and in deep thought.
Prediction is: an then what happens then | actual is: and then what happens then.
Prediction is: but this was what thetree could not ber to her | actual is: but this was what the tree could not bear to hear.
Prediction is: to gro and d gro to get owt herr and be to thought the tree thats after al iis the mosto light ful thingd in the ord | actual is: to grow and grow to get older and be tall thought the tree that after all is the most delightful thing in the world.
Prediction is: only that mon and swrd the tree | actual is: only that one answered the tree.
Prediction is: the acs strockn depe into the very pith the tre feile o the earth with a sy he felt oa paing aslacke a swond he could not think of happiness for h was sar fol atiing  seperanted from his home from the place whet he had sprong up | actual is: the axe struck deep into the very pith the tree fell to the earth with a sigh he felt a pang it was like a swoon he could not think of happiness for he was sorrowful at being separated from his home from the place where he had sprung up.
Prediction is: wred jhois in my o fresh you | actual is: rejoice in thy own fresh youth.
Prediction is: thatis the way of the wold | actual is: that is the way of the world.
Prediction is: tou ot youan ow one nohout backen an pato can dons an wu to an en lader s toriis | actual is: do not you know one about bacon and tallow candles can not you tell any larder stories.
Prediction is: it blazed oupamously alt elp | actual is: it blazed up famously help help.
Prediction is: but the tree did not rejoice tat all he gre and gror eand was geing both winture and summer | actual is: but the tree did not rejoice at all he grew and grew and was green both winter and summer.
Prediction is: he well you that he should never see his dear old comradce the little bushes and flowers abround im any more perhaps lo even the bids | actual is: he well knew that he should never see his dear old comrades the little bushes and flowers around him anymore perhaps not even the birds.
Prediction is: there is media one considerably older than i am | actual is: there is many a one considerably older than i am.
Prediction is: the treeoln ly came to himself when he was unloaded in a cortyard with the other trees and heard a man say tat one hisplunded we ad wanked the others | actual is: the tree only came to himself when he was unloaded in a court yard with the other trees and heard a man say that one is splendid we do not want the others.
Prediction is: a story cried the children drowin little fata man towards the tree | actual is: a story cried the children drawing a little fat man towards the tree.
Prediction is: ynes an something beter something still pandar wils surely follow or whereforshud bhay bus ortement me | actual is: yes then something better something still grander will surely follow or wherefore should they thus ornament me.
Prediction is: there two ere large easy chairs sikon soface large tables ful o picturbesandful of toyys with hundrencs andtunvence of crouns ant least the childrensans | actual is: there too were large easy chairs silken sofas large tables full of picture books and full of toys worth hundreds and hundreds of crowns at least the children said so.
Prediction is: yes in we ality thos werere happy times | actual is: yes in reality those were happy times.
Prediction is: in winter whe the snow la g littering on the groun a hare woutd oftand come leping along and jumt right over o the littletree | actual is: in winter when the snow lay glittering on the ground a hare would often come leaping along and jump right over the little tree.
Prediction is: he did not thinkk ove the wam sa and of the frashaire he did not care for the litle cottage childrin that ran about and praled when they were in the woods looking for wild stroberis | actual is: he did not think of the warm sun and of the fresh air he did not care for the little cottage children that ran about and prattled when they were in the woods looking for wild strawberries.
Prediction is: it is a vey stuppid story | actual is: it is a very stupid story.
Prediction is: something better as s omething still grand der mest follow but lots | actual is: something better something still grander must follow but what.
Prediction is: have you not net thim many we | actual is: have you not met them anywhere.
Prediction is: but it was not the firtre that they mens | actual is: but it was not the fir tree that they meant.
Prediction is: but i shalld no only one story | actual is: but i shall tell only one story.
Prediction is: in the mornng the servans on the house made came in | actual is: in the morning the servant and the housemaid came in.
Prediction is: then  got by said the raps and dhe went ho | actual is: then good bye said the rats and they went home.
Prediction is: ii am by no means ad said the fir tree | actual is: i am by no means old said the fir tree.
Prediction is: said the firtree thinking over what he had himself ror lated | actual is: said the fir tree thinking over what he had himself related.
Prediction is: they we so extreely curius | actual is: they were so extremely curious.
Prediction is: andtowards qrisness he was one of the firs that was cut down | actual is: and towards christmas he was one of the first that was cut down.
Prediction is: the gold and star of tinsel was stil o htap of the tree and glittered in the sunshin | actual is: the golden star of tinsel was still on the top of the tree and glittered in the sunshine.
Prediction is: ho e s ope dout pe aked the ice | actual is: who is humpy dumpy asked the mice.
Prediction is: the trunks e moved the tree was poled out and throne rather har it is tru down on theflor but a man drew him twrds thisters where the dali shone | actual is: the trunks were moved the tree was pulled out and thrown rather hard it is true down on the floor but a man drew him towards the stairs where the daylight shone.
Prediction is: however that was over now the tree g on the story as ane end | actual is: however that was over now the tree gone the story at an end.
Prediction is: he departure was not at all agreable | actual is: the departure was not at all agreeable.
Prediction is: perhaps the other trees from the foreistall comto lopit me | actual is: perhaps the other trees from the forest will come to look at me.
Prediction is: the plac ese had was a very god one the sun shownt on him as tufreshare there was anough of thap and round him gru many larg sized comrads times as well as firrs | actual is: the place he had was a very good one the sun shone on him as to fresh air there was enough of that and round him grew many large sized comrades pines as well as firs.
Prediction is: out ren the wood stod an nis little firtry | actual is: out in the woods stood a nice little fir tree.
Prediction is: sek scuik | actual is: squeak squeak.
Prediction is: i would fa now witf i am gestine a so glorius a culeer cried the tree rejoicing | actual is: i would fain know if i am destined for so glorious a career cried the tree rejoicing.
Prediction is: rejoy sin bi grotth said the sun bens | actual is: rejoice in thy growth said the sunbeams.
Prediction is: and the gard ners boy shoped the treein to small peces there was a whole hetlying there | actual is: and the gardener is boy chopped the tree into small pieces there was a whole heap lying there.
Prediction is: now that to is over | actual is: now that too is over.
Prediction is: this happened evry year and the yung firtree that had now grown to a very comelysie trembled a the sight for the magnificens great trees feld to the earth with noys and cracki the breanshes were loped offf and the trees lookelong and ber they were hardly t be recognized andnd then they were lad ing carps and the horses drag e tem oute of the wood | actual is: this happened every year and the young fir tree that had now grown to a very comely size trembled at the sight for the magnificent great trees fell to the earth with noise and cracking the branches were lopped off and the trees looked long and bare they were hardly to be recognised and then they were laid in carts and the horses dragged them out of the wood.
Prediction is: in the cortyards some of the mary childin were blaying who had danstac qrismess roun the fhirtree andwere so glid at the sighte of him | actual is: in the court yard some of the merry children were playing who had danced at christmas round the fir tree and were so glad at the sight of him.
Prediction is: hom be do no be fell downstars anye he mary the princes | actual is: humpy dumpy fell downstairs and yet he married the princess.
Prediction is: i kno no such place said the tree | actual is: i know no such place said the tree.
Prediction is: cried the young ladies an they quickly putd out the fir | actual is: cried the young ladies and they quickly put out the fire.
Prediction is: this evening they all said | actual is: this evening they all said.
Prediction is: ho id wills shyne this eavening | actual is: how it will shine this evening.
Prediction is: but they dtragd him nout of the room and op the stars into the loft and here it a dark d corner wherei no daylikt could enter ey leften | actual is: but they dragged him out of the room and up the stairs into the loft and here in a dark corner where no daylight could enter they left him.
Prediction is: where i but ol ready on the cars | actual is: were i but already on the cart.
Prediction is: i won e crenbold to loro thought the firtree | actual is: i will not tremble to morrow thought the fir tree.
Prediction is: the servance as well as the young ladies decpurated it | actual is: the servants as well as the young ladies decorated it.
Prediction is: watces the levling of ths thought the tree | actual is: what is the meaning of this thought the tree.
Prediction is: i am now tol and my breanche s sprand  like the others that were carried off last r o | actual is: i am now tall and my branches spread like the others that were carried off last year oh.
Prediction is:   chay sin au prisencse said the air and the sunlight | actual is: rejoice in our presence said the air and the sunlight.
Prediction is: i s now wintor out of dors thought the tree | actual is: tis now winter out of doors thought the tree.
Prediction is: he nos than both | actual is: he knows them both.
Prediction is: it will be wellt for your bejoing not with thos who stead of kits fly folcans whoncetead afva bain the las words of thegreat clod sheptred the feed his sheep livetelives how much lest anvannity of the worl from the gear igl | actual is: it will be well for you if you join not with those who instead of kites fly falcons who instead of obeying the last words of the great cloud shepherd to feed his sheep live the lives how much less than vanity of the war wolf and the gier eagle.
Prediction is: by being stutious of collor they r stidious of division and wie the cur a scerise devots himself t the repesentation degrees of force and one thing un sepperated light the colorous hap for their fonction hetamemn of beauty by rangement of the devisions of light | actual is: by being studious of color they are studious of division and while the chiaroscurist devotes himself to the representation of degrees of force in one thing unseparated light the colorists have for their function the attainment of beauty by arrangement of the divisions of light.
Prediction is: in must rememdered be one or ti ot | actual is: it must remember be one or the other.
Prediction is: it is a gleener bringing down her one sheef of cornd to an old water new itself masin rent scarcely able boe get it stons to time | actual is: it is a gleaner bringing down her one sheaf of corn to an old watermill itself mossy and rent scarcely able to get its stones to turn.
Prediction is: iis only at pensile out ine by ead would burn jens in ilestration of the stoy of siy it is the intoductiono siky after al her troubles into havn | actual is: it is only a pencil outline by edward burne jones in illustration of the story of psyche it is the introduction of psyche after all her troubles into heaven.
Prediction is: as no beauty hat so ever nospecialty af picturesness and al tis lines ar cramp and por | actual is: it has no beauty whatsoever no specialty of picturesqueness and all its lines are cramped and poor.
Prediction is: dis the head of aparit or the litle flower in his bee from a pictof curpocis hone of hs seris of a life of san corge | actual is: it is the head of a parrot with a little flower in his beak from a picture of carpaccio is one of his series of the life of saint george.
Prediction is: they od byon al o the works than i know existin depenint for thei affect on moe se odid timnes their favr tois en time of daybing ithe dan ar twy lighpe and even the bri thi sunsets produced chiefly out of gra paper | actual is: they are beyond all other works that i know existing dependent for their effect on low subdued tones their favorite choice in time of day being either dawn or twilight and even their brightest sunsets produced chiefly out of gray paper.
Prediction is: exqwas it order and uversl with tae tenal life and light thisus the fat and effeort of the schols of cristl and y maye te scribd and complete their werk quite lidoy by takng any verses of chrosser ing his tendermod n observing howinsis on the clearness and brightness first and ten on the or | actual is: exquisite order and universal with eternal life and light this is the faith and effort of the schools of crystal and you may describe and complete their work quite literally by taking any verses of chaucer in his tender mood and observing how he insists on the clearness and brightness first and then on the order.
Prediction is: the loe that schos that evryting shoby sen clearly what least only an such misteore fantness as shal be delightful and i have no doubt that the bust int duction to it would be the elmentry practas of panting every study on a gold ain broound | actual is: the law of that school is that everything shall be seen clearly or at least only in such mist or faintness as shall be delightful and i have no doubt that the best introduction to it would be the elementary practice of painting every study on a golden ground.
Prediction is: every plant in the grass e set formoy gros perfectly and thay be realised completely | actual is: every plant in the grass is set formally grows perfectly and may be realized completely.
Prediction is: then  comesto de beak ove | actual is: then he comes to the beak of it.
Prediction is: not heris rloffiow exactled be tween the two tre still drn leafe by livf holy formml ba peautiful mist coman gradualy into the distance | actual is: now here is raphael exactly between the two trees still drawn leaf by leaf wholly formal but beautiful mist coming gradually into the distance.
Prediction is: ni youwill seen the stutis that the mont the wites an closed propily and homon is with he other hes it be comes some hom mwere pressious and tel in the hit taper andthat i am not a frad e ly bhe whole feeld of untrted white paper alround it the sure that n the little dimons in the round windo wi tews juls it theyre gregated justlyn | actual is: now you will see in these studies that the moment the white is inclosed properly and harmonized with the other hues it becomes somehow more precious and pearly than the white paper and that i am not afraid to leave a whole field of untreated white paper all round it being sure that even the little diamonds in the round window will tell as jewels if they are gradated justly.
Prediction is: the brownd ground the neve his legt forhe must part one touch of black as put forthe hollow to delocat lines of dart grae d fond th outercurve and one liltle quiverin touch of white trasy inher edge of amanbable | actual is: the brown ground beneath is left for the most part one touch of black is put for the hollow two delicate lines of dark gray define the outer curve and one little quivering touch of white draws the inner edge of the mandible.
Prediction is: an they be that a greate collolis wie use es utmost foure of color as a singer his ful power voice byd loued or littl the virchus an both cas is allwas in efin nevern mones | actual is: it may be that a great colorist will use his utmost force of color as a singer his full power of voice but loud or low the virtue is in both cases always in refinement never in loudness.
Prediction is: the large letter contans indeed andtirely feeboan illd dron figurs that is ner whi chal dhess an failing work of ing affer hand it is not carctorist ol goic or any other scho | actual is: the large letter contains indeed entirely feeble and ill drawn figures that is merely childish and failing work of an inferior hand it is not characteristic of gothic or any other school.
Prediction is: bhe nowhere s a subject of which you il wonder at first ite tun a drdtit all | actual is: but now here is a subject of which you will wonder at first why turner drew it at all.
Prediction is: this it once compousu tonderstand that the workes to be amagionative an deccrative hat iv represons beautiful thindsin theclurest way but not under exist in conditions and that in fact youre produeceing juis work rother in pectures | actual is: this at once compels you to understand that the work is to be imaginative and decorative that it represents beautiful things in the clearest way but not under existing conditions and that in fact you are producing jeweler is work rather than pictures.
Prediction is: that a stos we strand er siverd is not men mat it his aser  ranious | actual is: that a style is restrained or severe does not mean that it is also erroneous.
Prediction is: only ther ar to sorc of clond far | actual is: only there are two sorts of cloud and fire.
Prediction is: the cranptnessn the poverty ar al intended | actual is: the crampness and the poverty are all intended.
Prediction is: nothing wll be more presos to you athink in the practical stay of art whn the conviction which wel force itself on yu moren more every our of the way al things oar down together little wn grat an spirit and an matter | actual is: nothing will be more precious to you i think in the practical study of art than the conviction which will force itself on you more and more every hour of the way all things are bound together little and great in spirit and in matter.
Prediction is: a seen as abslutly arcadin | actual is: the scene is absolutely arcadian.
Prediction is: in alr woud not ag art aindeed yo il find felior of this kind aspescily distortion in mhe jitity which urein many respet painfully to be compared with ae sponded repos of classi ar | actual is: in all early gothic art indeed you will find failure of this kind especially distortion and rigidity which are in many respects painfully to be compared with the splendid repose of classic art.
Prediction is: debut thes hig nifical subjes the sarounding nature thei suffering i stil dignifine and beautiful | actual is: in both these high mythical subjects the surrounding nature though suffering is still dignified and beautiful.
Prediction is: ther is wan in his another a dudgly ind the flent | actual is: there is one and there is another the dudley and the flint.
Prediction is: you will find th continally speaking of for men titsion whobie tarner an tin cotat in almost the same turms | actual is: you will find me continually speaking of four men titian holbein turner and tintoret in almost the same terms.
Prediction is: omus looe at him in the face fiht him conkr himith what scave you may yoe ne not think to keepout of tae way of him | actual is: you must look at him in the face fight him conquer him with what scathe you may you need not think to keep out of the way of him.
Prediction is: while then last her is turms guee xscho o the highes class an ye defind his art afslutely as first the desplaing intensly and wit the sturnust entect of natural form as it es and then te envolt en of it with cloud and fir | actual is: well then last here is turner is greek school of the highest class and you define his art absolutely as first the displaying intensely and with the sternest intellect of natural form as it is and then the envelopment of it with cloud and fire.
Prediction is: for blievenen the fon o fl s fyhof art can only ratifatheir apinin tat the beaty of a carkrobenis to be red and of a gras plocte be grem and the bes scil ofvart is in instantly seasing on the menifuld deliciousness of light which you can only seazs by precision of instotanous touch | actual is: for believe me the final philosophy of art can only ratify their opinion that the beauty of a cock robin is to be red and of a grass plot to be green and the best skill of art is in instantly seizing on the manifold deliciousness of light which you can only seize by precision of instantaneous touch.
Prediction is: eve rymin in which the master traces it ivn were seeming lynegagin is lovele an set down with a metitatod calmnss which makxs these to atchinis cape a bl deing placed besi the mos tranqulal work of holed byne wor dur | actual is: every line in which the master traces it even where seemingly negligent is lovely and set down with a meditative calmness which makes these two etchings capable of being placed beside the most tranquil work of holbein or duerer.
Prediction is: they younight everycuonin and sometamsu al fome re firnt the is collorsts sometimes as kerescuriss | actual is: they unite every quality and sometimes you will find me referring to them as colorists sometimes as chiaroscurists.
Prediction is: thus in chaser s dreem | actual is: thus in chaucer is dream.
Prediction is: my first amprincpl reasonm was that they inforcet bey on al resistance on any staend h mig atcemptacope thim this methedt of laing courtons of distinct hu side by side | actual is: my first and principal reason was that they enforced beyond all resistance on any student who might attempt to copy them this method of laying portions of distinct hue side by side.
Prediction is: hers n eequytifical grek schollanscate y wilson lost holy an gold mest the tree si slightly dron that yo do not knowif they or trees werh towers and no care for collow whit sire perfictly dicepted in mardl aus uffect ovf sunchine to a mist a pollow in the pitfon | actual is: here is an equally typical greek school landscape by wilson lost wholly in golden mist the trees so slightly drawn that you do not know if they are trees or towers and no care for color whatever perfectly deceptive and marvelous effect of sunshine through the mist apollo and the python.
Prediction is: yu nive just ben teline you howd the schol materlas an an clay involvedtitself at last and clowd ind fir | actual is: you know i have just been telling you how this school of materialism and clay involved itself at last in cloud and fire.
Prediction is: by observe ou cnoig de tos un one condition that of stravin oser to creeat inme ality the beauty which your seak in amagination | actual is: but observe you can only do this on one condition that of striving also to create in reality the beauty which you seek in imagination.
Prediction is: but ie niss ien men copped from tarner ye are the two prinsfls brought out perficly | actual is: but in this vignette copied from turner you have the two principles brought out perfectly.
Prediction is: some of the coches indeed when the tintes ben mixt with much water have be lain and little drops ur pons so that the tagement might cristiis hard at t edgs | actual is: some of the touches indeed when the tint has been mixed with much water have been laid in little drops or ponds so that the pigment might crystallize hard at the edge.
Prediction is: see that yourlized be an nothing worse thn a boas climing for his in tangled kit | actual is: see that your lives be in nothing worse than a boy is climbing for his entangled kite.
Prediction is: itwilbe holel inm possime for ye to retaine the tranquoity oftemperentfulishi af fath necessary fror noble pearest painting a mes u er acte g lyen gased io promording the fllistyand piece of practical life | actual is: it will be wholly impossible for you to retain the tranquillity of temper and felicity of faith necessary for noble purist painting unless you are actively engaged in promoting the felicity and peace of practical life.
Prediction is: dod not theire fore think that the goic xcho s neasyng one | actual is: do not therefore think that the gothic school is an easy one.
Prediction is: the collorous sas first of all as my dolices parca was ruby so this nasty vi por shallby black and ten is the cquestion can i round him offh even nog he is black and maykecon slime and hat sprigi and close down clated like ap po o black blaod on yeurth al the sane | actual is: the colorist says first of all as my delicious paroquet was ruby so this nasty viper shall be black and then is the question can i round him off even though he is black and make him slimy and yet springy and close down clotted like a pool of black blood on the earth all the same.
Prediction is: all the teritorial dignetaris were present evenr shand and presided johnco hin the server general mad the principl speech ah gin anceation of the abolitionest supporting thut is pek alobment she jestice lecotingi y theaccation with apruving remars | actual is: all the territorial dignitaries were present governor shannon presided john calhoun the surveyor general made the principal speech a denunciation of the abolitionists supporting the topeka movement chief justice lecompte dignified the occasion with approving remarks.
Prediction is: i a fewdays an offie er chan wit a racclisition from gevenr shanan and tok the prisonnere by land e west port and after wars from there to can to city a myenworth | actual is: in a few days an officer came with a requisition from governor shannon and took the prisoner by land to westport and afterwards from there to kansas city and leavenworth.
Prediction is: the bothis legislitoure numbered thirty six members | actual is: the bogus legislature numbered thirty six members.
Prediction is: hery was place in the cussity of capt in marten of the kake a prewrangers who prote a kined jeler and me terialy assisted and protecting him fron the dangerous intentions of the mom which at that time hel leveen worth under the rain of teror | actual is: here he was placed in the custody of captain martin of the kickapoo rangers who proved a kind jailer and materially assisted in protecting him from the dangerous intentions of the mob which at that time held leavenworth under a reign of terror.
Prediction is: that sommers in me gration however teeng mainly fron the freestas greatly change the rol adtis strangks aod the two portiecs | actual is: that summer is emigration however being mainly from the free states greatly changed the relative strength of the two parties.
Prediction is: there istink iv charicters however despla one bro and un failing difference | actual is: their distinctive characters however display one broad and unfailing difference.
Prediction is: this was at the march alection eightefhit defive | actual is: this was at the march election eighteen fifty five.
Prediction is: thi in nates being remod at the appiinted our if you can bol for fire trogh the stone wals | actual is: the inmates being removed at the appointed hour a few cannon balls were fired through the stone walls.
Prediction is: from these again sprang bericated and fortifive drewlings hampsan scout parties finanly comanating ind roving derl abands half partis and ha prettitoy | actual is: from these again sprang barricaded and fortified dwellings camps and scouting parties finally culminating in roving guerrilla bands half partisan half predatory.
Prediction is: in the shiding af shers jons and lorns and inu refusal of acxcevin er reder to alow the datpeby marcial to arast him they discovered grae ha fences baganst the cheratorial ande nited sace las | actual is: in the shooting of sheriff jones in lawrence and in the refusal of ex governor beeder to allow the deputy marshal to arrest him they discovered grave offenses against the territorial and united states laws.
Prediction is: pridit persons who had leaet t he frestat hotel then lay be son the veriasafthorities to present tha distrection oof their property | actual is: private persons who had leased the free state hotel vainly besought the various authorities to prevent the destruction of their property.
Prediction is: the gevener on his part becon in dobtful of tir the gality of emn plong mesering melession to inforce cans as las was also eger too secure the help a federal trups | actual is: the governor on his part becoming doubtful of the legality of employing missouri militia to enforce kansas laws was also eager to secure the help of federal troops.
Prediction is: the freestate man have only ther c onvictions there enteligence their courage and the morl support of the north the conspericy had it secret compbination the taratory old fisials the legisliture the boteus last the corts when telisha offisers of the presient and the army | actual is: the free state men had only their convictions their intelligence their courage and the moral support of the north the conspiracy had its secret combination the territorial officials the legislature the bogus laws the courts the militia officers the president and the army.
Prediction is: his reception speach it westport in which he mainten belegality of the legiu slater and is te termination to inforce ther las helided his prest laver otitors | actual is: his reception speech at westport in which he maintained the legality of the legislature and his determination to enforce their laws delighted his pro slavery auditors.
Prediction is: hapen hour later turning a defh ear to al remonstranc he gae thet proprietergs intell fi re clock to remove their familis and persenl property from the freestatotell | actual is: half an hour later turning a deaf ear to all remonstrance he gave the proprietors until five oclock to remove their families and personal property from the free state hotel.
Prediction is: fot not some er to shanin may twelv eighteeen phity six | actual is: footnote sumner to shannon may twelfth eighteen fifty six.
Prediction is: chere jons had his pockas always ful of rits ishoued in thispirit of persecution tbhat was octen baffhld by the sharp wits and ready resources of the freest ate people and sometimes te fied out rik | actual is: sheriff jones had his pockets always full of writs issued in the spirit of persecution but was often baffled by the sharp wits and ready resources of the free state people and sometimes defied outright.
Prediction is: the present chapfters con only touch upon the more seli an movements of the sorvl warin chanses which happily or not sanganay it however the individual and more icsalaid caces of blad shed would be iscribed they wouldh sho astartallyg iurget ot barbarity and los of wlyfe for opinion sake | actual is: the present chapters can only touch upon the more salient movements of the civil war in kansas which happily were not sanguinary if however the individual and more isolated cases of bloodshed could be described they would show a startling aggregate of barbarity and loss of life for opinion is sake.
Prediction is: the military force parly rable parly orginnised had men whil love into the towm | actual is: the military force partly rabble partly organized had meanwhile moved into the town.
Prediction is: isalae formobo array oba anagers slavery was plaing with loden dice | actual is: this was a formidable array of advantages slavery was playing with loaded dice.
Prediction is: to their sarlw they were soon undeceved | actual is: to their sorrow they were soon undeceived.
Prediction is: comined by way of the misery rever towns he fell first among borter repthiin conpanaceh op an influllences andperhaps having his inclenations arity molded by his washing ton instrections his early impressions werte sidenlead burse to the fresta cas | actual is: coming by way of the missouri river towns he fell first among border ruffian companionship and influences and perhaps having his inclinations already molded by his washington instructions his early impressions were decidedly adverse to the free state cause.
Prediction is: chapter martaen said i shulk give you a pistaltilt pretect yoursel if worse coms the worst | actual is: captain martin said i shall give you a pistol to help protect yourself if worse comes to worst.
Prediction is: he somon halppa doesan sitacins to joing his possy who followed o bad and assisted him | actual is: he summoned half a dozen citizens to join his posse who followed obeyed and assisted him.
Prediction is: ajitsin who had bheen heringing the ma plant ed his tro gancs be for the buillding and train them apint | actual is: atchison who had been haranguing the mob planted his two guns before the building and trained them upon it.
Prediction is: he planied at company before the hotel andemandeed a a serender of the arms belonging to the fhrestate military compings | actual is: he planted a company before the hotel and demanded a surrender of the arms belonging to the free state military companies.
Prediction is: to ambaras this dammaging expesure chadge locok isshit a rid against the excevener oni frivle as charge of contempt | actual is: to embarrass this damaging exposure judge lecompte issued a writ against the ex governor on a frivolous charge of contempt.
Prediction is: en days were conseed in these nangorshiations bhut the spirit afvengiens refused to yeld | actual is: ten days were consumed in these negotiations but the spirit of vengeance refused to yield.
Prediction is: it was an fact the bes wep hen otit stay | actual is: it was in fact the best weapon of its day.
Prediction is: on at his moe shad generls sugested that the governert should require the outwas at lorns and else where to surender the sharps rifles another rok askfe net call out thegetern ment trups at fort leven wort | actual is: one of his militia generals suggested that the governor should require the outlaws at lawrence and elsewhere to surrender the sharps rifles another wrote asking him to call out the government troops at fort leavenworth.
Prediction is: but the affair was mang ti fide as a crowning prut that the free state men were inserectionus and out los | actual is: but the affair was magnified as a crowning proof that the free state men were insurrectionists and outlaws.
Prediction is: litle by little however the latter becimne himd an bownd in the meshos of the veriusty bycis empercedings which the teritorial fichials ava fronthe bo his las | actual is: little by little however the latter became hemmed and bound in the meshes of the various devices and proceedings which the territorial officials evolved from the bogus laws.
Prediction is: thefrestant men clome to their prary towns and prar vens with all the obstiency andcourage ae trudy tenders of their hones and fir sides | actual is: the free state men clung to their prairie towns and prairie ravines with all the obstinacy and courage of true defenders of their homes and firesides.
Prediction is: he continued his pretended surge and to give color to is and made to arest | actual is: he continued his pretended search and to give color to his errand made two arrests.
Prediction is: the hoeperseting was so choudish the miserwill lop so trancspaent the outrage sogrose as to brng discasd to the better clas a borter rohigands who ere witnesses and excesseris | actual is: the whole proceeding was so childish the miserable plot so transparent the outrage so gross as to bring disgust to the better class of border ruffians who were witnesses and accessories.
Prediction is: all tessent an mon conplincs al hesitation al near silence even were in the stronghole towns like leven wort branded as avolitionasm beclared to be hostillity to h public welfair andpaised with proscription personal vilence expulsion and frequently deah | actual is: all dissent all non compliance all hesitation all mere silence even were in their stronghold towns like leavenworth branded as abolitionism declared to be hostility to the public welfare and punished with proscription personal violence expulsion and frequently death.
Prediction is: forgeneral servaced there fore requiring no special appert the newmarical streath of the factions was about eqal whye on exter ordinariaccations thet two thousin borterothing reserve lying a little farther back fror hm the state yn could it any time easaly ture the scale | actual is: for general service therefore requiring no special effort the numerical strength of the factions was about equal while on extraordinary occasions the two thousand border ruffian reserve lying a little farther back from the state line could at any time easily turn the scale.
Prediction is: the leders of the conspiracy thecine distrussfo of their power tocrushed the town | actual is: the leaders of the conspiracy became distrustful of their power to crush the town.
Prediction is: of the lentings the mobs an the murders it would be aimponsible except in a very extended work to not the freqent an atracious detels | actual is: of the lynchings the mobs and the murders it would be impossible except in a very extended work to note the frequent and atrocious details.
Prediction is: ther  sim charicter changed with their changing oppoertunites ornecessitis | actual is: their assumed character changed with their changing opportunities or necessities.
Prediction is: in this encerent contrasting thecreated and the destruci spirt of the factions the emigrant ait socity of masechuces finsis most onnerble and triumpant vendication | actual is: in this incident contrasting the creative and the destructive spirit of the factions the emigrant aid society of massachusetts finds its most honorable and triumphant vindication.
Prediction is: the ansidat was not vient nore evender madi no ponsy was som an no further effort made and reaer fering persnal vill and sun led in diskuyse | actual is: the incident was not violent nor even dramatic no posse was summoned no further effort made and reeder fearing personal violence soon fled in disguise.
Prediction is: en the early morning of the next dayng te twenty nine he cotpany oftegins with one empty satl came down fromd the fort and while the prost laver  man stil slapd the prisner aind his escart were on their way acros the praris too ta compdain in the charge of ofpasers of thi anitestacs arm | actual is: in the early morning of the next day may twenty ninth a company of dragoons with one empty saddle came down from the fort and while the pro slavery men still slept the prisoner and his escort were on their way across the prairies to lecompton in the charge of officers of the united states army.
Prediction is: severn hminded free stat man promply responded to the sumens | actual is: several hundred free state men promptly responded to the summons.
Prediction is: as he had prommised to proteckt the lotell the reassured siticince began tol lah at their own fears | actual is: as he had promised to protect the hotel the reassured citizens began to laugh at their own fears.
Prediction is: re lok cat ed fot not ge en ar robbensan being on his gwat eas the steen bout un whiche was trabling stoped at lekexing to misery | actual is: relocated footnote governor robinson being on his way east the steamboat on which he was traveling stopped at lexington missouri.
Prediction is: the free stay hotell hi stone bilmen in dementions fite by sevendy feet three stor is hig and hansomely furns praviously occud pied only for longing ronds on that day for the first time opened its table ac commidations to the problag and provited a free dener and onoro reication | actual is: the free state hotel a stone building in dimensions fifty by seventy feet three stories high and handsomely furnished previously occupied only for lodging rooms on that day for the first time opened its table accommodations to the public and provided a free dinner in honor of the occasion.
Prediction is: then he lookedown hr lagine was dry | actual is: then he looked down the lagoon was dry.
Prediction is: the squas of cod en shorve ad eavvy would just about to bors to bols | actual is: the squares of cotton sharp edged heavy were just about to burst to bolls.
Prediction is: the hopee dreem of harthis was upon the land | actual is: the hope and dream of harvest was upon the land.
Prediction is: herelay the reding oaf the witdtle with invin it work in pan some one had dother co now from the laginto the greek into which the formern had drained bya long ind cooket way thus alownd it to enty dilectly | actual is: here lay the reading of the riddle with infinite work and pain some one had dug a canal from the lagoon to the creek into which the former had drained by a long and crooked way thus allowing it to empty directly.
Prediction is: fo while she lay in her chare in hapby dree pleasured son andbird and tree | actual is: for a while she lay in her chair in happy dreamy pleasure at sun and bird and tree.
Prediction is: he stood a mo muat be woldered thenturnd and rushed upon the eland a great sheet of dasilla sunlighte swep the place and benese ly a mity mas of all of gren tiv tal want and williy | actual is: he stood a moment bewildered then turned and rushed upon the island a great sheet of dazzling sunlight swept the place and beneath lay a mighty mass of olive green thick tall wet and willowy.
Prediction is: the years of the days of her dong wor ten | actual is: the years of the days of her dying were ten.
Prediction is: be cherlasinty len he knew | actual is: the chair was empty but he knew.
Prediction is: she ros of a fleting glancegathrd the shal around her then glieding forward wavorng tremuless slipe acloss the rod in into the swom | actual is: she rose with a fleeting glance gathered the shawl round her then gliding forward wavering tremulous slipped across the road and into the swamp.
Prediction is: he pranted to know wifh she two ne for ynou and cared not o cared an knew not | actual is: he panted to know if she too knew or knew and cared not or cared and knew not.
Prediction is: she was so strange in fuman a cgreature | actual is: she was so strange and human a creature.
Prediction is: his glashd tistaped along farther and farther onword into we nee thef rampard of the clearing and put foot opon the tree rige | actual is: he splashed and stamped along farther and farther onward until he neared the rampart of the clearing and put foot upon the tree bridge.
Prediction is: he gazedheboth with lecx as donished | actual is: he gazed about perplexed astonished.
Prediction is: he sat down wek the wildered and one dhought was oppemost soe | actual is: he sat down weak bewildered and one thought was uppermost zora.
Prediction is: the mege had been level with tha dads a weto go and now | actual is: the lagoon had been level with the dykes a week ago and now.
Prediction is: ien mhat an wel of endless things had been craling in creeping around her she had struggld indom speach las teror again som mighdy grasping hat stowl fom her life with nold and creeping dingers but nowat lest wekly she oven her eys and quesdion | actual is: the net and web of endless things had been crawling and creeping around her she had struggled in dumb speechless terror against some mighty grasping that strove for her life with gnarled and creeping fingers but now at last weakly she opened her eyes and questioned.
Prediction is: he knew the siver flees his ansas must be ruan | actual is: he knew the silver fleece his and zora is must be ruined.
Prediction is: on sherraied untila sweeping down to the lego and the iland no the cottdn lay befor her | actual is: on she hurried until sweeping down to the lagoon and the island lo the cotton lay before her.
Prediction is: he darted to the trees and hase af tall man sjongly but slumly made | actual is: he darted through the trees and paused a tall man strongly but slimly made.
Prediction is: for one ong momany hast stiped a ja withd ather amasment then lan dusily against the tree | actual is: for one long moment he paused stupid agape with utter amazement then leaned dizzily against a tree.
Prediction is: a the swope the crul swa | actual is: ah the swamp the cruel swamp.
Prediction is: uppin the siclonsoa lay on the little whie bed | actual is: up in the sick room zora lay on the little white bed.
Prediction is: where was the use of a magining | actual is: where was the use of imagining.
Prediction is: the revelation of his love lihted and blidtan slowly to at flained like a sunrises over him and left im an burning wonder | actual is: the revelation of his love lighted and brightened slowly till it flamed like a sunrise over him and left him in burning wonder.
Prediction is: she had been bon with in its borters with i his boras she had lived i grlo and with in its boters she hadmet her love | actual is: she had been born within its borders within its borders she had lived and grown and within its borders she had met her love.
Prediction is: thit i was sudden a mi day the sun shot out hot and still no bwreth of air stired the sty was lyke lose tel the oard sten | actual is: then of a sudden at midday the sun shot out hot and still no breath of air stirred the sky was like blue steel the earth steamed.
Prediction is: perhap she to might be there wating weping | actual is: perhaps she too might be there waiting weeping.
Prediction is: he world was water velde miss | actual is: the world was water veiled in mists.
Prediction is: it was the first great soow f his life it was not so much the loss of he cotten itself wath he fanicy the hoes the drns buil to rounded | actual is: it was the first great sorrow of his life it was not so much the loss of the cotton itself but the fantasy the hopes the dreams built around it.
Prediction is: he started at the thought he here fort sadily | actual is: he started at the thought he hurried forth sadly.
Prediction is: but cres well aded significatly copasite diffor s in nomuss la betwee maces | actual is: but cresswell added significantly capacity differs enormously between races.
Prediction is: the banderpools weare sur this and the anglishman instancing india became quite elequent missis gray was mistirfide but hardly dearedad mit it the general trend of the gomversation semg to be that most in diviguels meted to tbe sadmittedt to the shorpeschotna befor be allowd mughegucation and as for that moar races it was semply criminal to open such useless oppetunities to them | actual is: the vanderpools were sure of this and the englishman instancing india became quite eloquent missus grey was mystified but hardly dared admit it the general trend of the conversation seemed to be that most individuals needed to be submitted to the sharpest scrutiny before being allowed much education and as for the lower races it was simply criminal to open such useless opportunities to them.
Prediction is: ad las the cotan com byd was to al adpeariaces in a sured fact and he was slated for the sinnit | actual is: at last the cotton combine was to all appearances an assured fact and he was slated for the senate.
Prediction is: was i tive mi ne owi at eccress well abording his sisters eys | actual is: positively heroic added cresswell avoiding his sister is eyes.
Prediction is: as she awaited her ges she sir vry the table wit both satdisfection and isquitud for her social funsions were fe to night ther wor she cect them off on her fingers sir james criteng the rich inlish manufacture and lady criten mister  missus vandabo mister hary crus wel in his sister jon talar and his sister and mister chal smeve when the eving pabor s menchiond as likely to be yut i estay ciniter from ne jdezy a solection of gess that had bene dterman un known tof tha hostes by the meting of cod en interoeus olaare in the day | actual is: as she awaited her guests she surveyed the table with both satisfaction and disquietude for her social functions were few tonight there were she checked them off on her fingers sir james creighton the rich english manufacturer and lady creighton mister and missus vanderpool mister harry cresswell and his sister john taylor and his sister and mister charles smith whom the evening papers mentioned as likely to be united states senator from new jersey a selection of guests that had been determined unknown to the hostess by the meeting of cotton interests earlier in the day.
Prediction is: forgunide me said mister dandepo noban os an soten as all loving at a bat o mutual undestadding o most of these moters | actual is: fortunately said mister vanderpool northerners and southerners are arriving at a better mutual understanding on most of these matters.
Prediction is: she was not erself annotivbly intolasg it woman she greahtly admire inteligince or whatever looke to her like ontelligance an others | actual is: she was not herself a notably intelligent woman she greatly admired intelligence or whatever looked to her like intelligence in others.
Prediction is: but we a nater axa i welgom | actual is: but we are not er exactly welcomed.
Prediction is: mary taow however relat ed the tal osoa to misshus gras pritat er later | actual is: mary taylor however related the tale of zora to missus grey is private ear later.
Prediction is: abelie in e trin in the people to their hascpassity the english men heae hardily seconded him | actual is: i believe in the training of people to their highest capacity the englishman here heartily seconded him.
Prediction is: misus gray had met suveners before but not entimatly and she always had a min vivitly ther culty to pord negros i sov ic she made a hot ov anto ducing forth wet | actual is: missus grey had met southerners before but not intimately and she always had in mind vividly their cruelty to poor negroes a subject she made a point of introducing forthwith.
Prediction is: she was there fore mosta graly sur prise to her mistercress will express himself sof corgally as approving of megro egication | actual is: she was therefore most agreeably surprised to hear mister cresswell express himself so cordially as approving of negro education.
Prediction is: ou beleve and somegication asked mary talor | actual is: but you believe in some education asked mary taylor.
Prediction is: why should he not be as other men | actual is: why should he not be as other men.
Prediction is: the onrable jhal smith mis sars brother was walking swiply up town from mister easterlys walstrd office and his face was pale | actual is: the hon charles smith miss sarah is brother was walking swiftly uptown from mister easterly is wall street office and his face was pale.
Prediction is: then looking op tos caunty | actual is: been looking up tooms county.
Prediction is: i supose thogh iths to arly for them ten came thexplosion | actual is: i suppose though it is too early for them then came the explosion.
Prediction is: here she was teeche deardy childen ebusna of cofews d oters and bodily posbration was to hert times unberable | actual is: here she was teaching dirty children and the smell of confused odors and bodily perspiration was to her at times unbearable.
Prediction is: en mygh te ad bet o poritry her an thee but most of this place was such despet crose | actual is: there might be a bit of poetry here and there but most of this place was such desperate prose.
Prediction is: the gremmering see of delicate leves whisperded momed before her suchin awitof the northwere | actual is: the glimmering sea of delicate leaves whispered and murmured before her stretching away to the northward.
Prediction is: dont nom wile of a this inidere commented his talar mintery boti con and owell as muches to ask was the us she tuned again to go | actual is: do not know well of all things inwardly commented miss taylor literally born in cotton and oh well as much as to ask what is the use she turned again to go.
Prediction is: better go he hare countles antenciously | actual is: better go he had counselled sententiously.
Prediction is: thesef she had not thought o of seriously and yet noin of its te lighteful hospitality amiled climit she was not avears to cholst in orn worlans | actual is: the south she had not thought of seriously and yet knowing of its delightful hospitality and mild climate she was not averse to charleston or new orleans.
Prediction is: she wat eo a glance of he mew books and perioticals and talk a great fo lantiges on tefoms | actual is: she wanted a glance of the new books and periodicals and talk of great philanthropies and reforms.
Prediction is: johntala who it s apported her tho colege was intersted incotn | actual is: john taylor who had supported her through college was interested in cotton.
Prediction is: wit gold in fleese itis thiseolveflese he harkand | actual is: the golden fleece it is the silver fleece he harkened.
Prediction is: with jon is no sucity just elanettery wok | actual is: but john there is no society just elementary work.
Prediction is: ad inyrat i say go | actual is: at any rate i say go.
Prediction is: sofr the hund with time she was thinking to day as she walked alone up the lan back of the ban and in slowly down tog the bodems | actual is: so for the hundredth time she was thinking today as she walked alone up the lane back of the barn and then slowly down through the bottoms.
Prediction is: might lan something usful down there | actual is: might learn something useful down there.
Prediction is: nowfor one little ha f our she had bena lomen talking to a boy no no evien that she had been talking ju talking there e no persons in the covisation  justhings one thing cadn | actual is: now for one little half hour she had been a woman talking to a boy no not even that she had been talking just talking there were no persons in the conversation just things one thing cotton.
Prediction is: hor gard shifty to the goon stocks and leves again an she started to mov away | actual is: her regard shifted to the green stalks and leaves again and she started to move away.
Prediction is: mis tala died not kno much about coing but ad leastwe mol amarkth semn coled for | actual is: miss taylor did not know much about cotton but at least one more remark seemed called for.
Prediction is: in the the bant between tes singu secities her thefend so ve fitenkt he memmet had been not ily anotable but of rusning but de livered with rel inthusiasin | actual is: in the debate between the senior societies her defence of the fifteenth amendment had been not only a notable bit of reasoning but delivered with real enthusiasm.
Prediction is: sotan u damed bles otyu | actual is: some time you will tell me please will not you.
Prediction is: ghot was dou goond te topsevis be ond te groun a noots ragerims is thet so | actual is: goobers do not grow on the tops of vines but underground on the roots like yams is that so.
Prediction is: she had allmost forgod metonis here with intuch in sight | actual is: she had almost forgotten that it was here within touch and sight.
Prediction is: frisand crus wells there bid blantations raded i to hunded and fity thous and dolars | actual is: find some cresswells there big plantations rated at two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Prediction is: you al to kno jonan if au teach megros al scarsely see much a beople in th on cleass | actual is: you ought to know john if i teach negroes i will scarcely see much of people in my own class.
Prediction is: chapn she bosed | actual is: cotton she paused.
Prediction is: some oft his two be cot in county | actual is: some others too big cotton county.
Prediction is: cotn is owonderful thing is it not bos she said rether primly | actual is: cotton is a wonderful thing is it not boys she said rather primly.
Prediction is: a great saint saint frances  saviar | actual is: a great saint saint francis xavier.
Prediction is: a great tint sint friences esaviur | actual is: a great saint saint francis xavier.
Prediction is: the musit came neror and he recalled the words the words of shelliys frihtment upon the moone wondering companonless pale fur werinuss | actual is: the music came nearer and he recalled the words the words of shelley is fragment upon the moon wandering companionless pale for weariness.
Prediction is: welt ow anis i declare you have a head and so has my stick | actual is: well now ennis i declare you have a head and so has my stick.
Prediction is: in dhe silente their dark fire cindods the dusk into wao tony glow | actual is: in the silence their dark fire kindled the dusk into a tawny glow.
Prediction is: a gentle kike from the tal boy in the beng behind irge to steepen to askek at difirclt question | actual is: a gentle kick from the tall boy in the bench behind urged stephen to ask a difficult question.
Prediction is: a coldlusidt in diference arained in his sou | actual is: a cold lucid indifference reigned in his soul.
Prediction is: stuffeid in to you his belly counciled him | actual is: stuff it into you his belly counselled him.
Prediction is: he is called as you know the apossle of the indis | actual is: he is called as you know the apostle of the indies.
Prediction is: the caosin which his arder extingurished itself was a cold in different nolage of himself | actual is: the chaos in which his ardour extinguished itself was a cold indifferent knowledge of himself.
Prediction is: how comes it that whill the first be atitud promises the kane dom ot heavento the poor of heart the second the atitude promises also to the make that dhey shall posses the land | actual is: how comes it that while the first beatitude promises the kingdom of heaven to the poor of heart the second beatitude promises also to the meek that they shall possess the land.
Prediction is: he taed to think how iat could be | actual is: he tried to think how it could be.
Prediction is: on saterdy mornings when the sodality met in tha chappl to recide the little office his place was a cusiond mneling dask at th right ef the alter from which he led his wing a boyse thrgh the responses | actual is: on saturday mornings when the sodality met in the chapel to recite the little office his place was a cushioned kneeling desk at the right of the altar from which he led his wing of boys through the responses.
Prediction is: the do liht fell more thantly upon the page where on the notherequation egan to one fold itself slowly and to spread a brod its widening tail | actual is: the dull light fell more faintly upon the page whereon another equation began to unfold itself slowly and to spread abroad its widening tail.
Prediction is: he plasepd his havds on the daskan said | actual is: he clasped his hands on the desk and said.
Prediction is: if the wying changeen to vinigur and the hosed crumble in to corruption after they have ben consicrated is jhesus crise t still present under their species as god and as man | actual is: if the wine change into vinegar and the host crumble into corruption after they have been consecrated is jesus christ still present under their species as god and as man.
Prediction is: he had the fat in him that moves moundins | actual is: he had the faith in him that moves mountains.
Prediction is: thany could askkim questiont on the catic is am detlos | actual is: then you can ask him questions on the catechism dedalus.
Prediction is: stepen is hart began slowly to fold and fad with fer like a withering flower | actual is: stephen is heart began slowly to fold and fade with fear like a withering flower.
Prediction is: ho o berty an he good n he mind | actual is: hello bertie any good in your mind.
Prediction is: on fridi confession will be heard all lhe afternoon after beds | actual is: on friday confession will be heard all the afternoon after beads.
Prediction is: why was the saccrment o the oucarest institutedt under the two speacies af bread and whine if chusus cris t be present body and blood so andivinity in the bread alone and in the wine alon | actual is: why was the sacrament of the eucharist instituted under the two species of bread and wine if jesus christ be present body and blood soul and divinity in the bread alone and in the wine alone.
Prediction is: her eys seeme to regard him with mild pitty her holiness a strange light glowing fincly upon their fral flesh did not he miliate the sinner who approached er | actual is: her eyes seemed to regard him with mild pity her holiness a strange light glowing faintly upon her frail flesh did not humiliate the sinner who approached her.
Prediction is: te centance of sant jamed which says that he who a tends against one commanment becomes bilty of all had seemed to him first a swlolland prase unti he had begune to grop in the darkness of his own state | actual is: the sentence of saint james which says that he who offends against one commandment becomes guilty of all had seemed to him first a swollen phrase until he had begun to grope in the darkness of his own state.
Prediction is: therecter pase han ten shaking his clas tohends before him went on | actual is: the rector paused and then shaking his clasped hands before him went on.
Prediction is: he hoped they would be sto her diner turnips and carit sand broued potat hos and tat mutin peaces to be latled out in the thick pepered flower faten sous | actual is: he hoped there would be stew for dinner turnips and carrots and bruised potatoes and fat mutton pieces to be ladled out in thick peppered flour fattened sauce.
Prediction is: after early night fal the enloe lampse would light hap her and there the squaled quarter of the broffls | actual is: after early nightfall the yellow lamps would light up here and there the squalid quarter of the brothels.
Prediction is: if f r lomen and giving bap his im poor a water before saying the word is the chiled batized | actual is: if a layman in giving baptism pour the water before saying the words is the child baptized.
Prediction is: but the dusk depeining in the school room covered over his thoughts the bel rang | actual is: but the dusk deepening in the schoolroom covered over his thoughts the bell rang.
Prediction is: be where of making that mestake | actual is: beware of making that mistake.
Prediction is: the rector did not askd for a caticcisim to hear the lessent from | actual is: the rector did not ask for a catechism to hear the lesson from.
Prediction is: steeven leining back an drowing iedly on his criler lisendd to the talk about him which hear andchect from time to time by san | actual is: stephen leaning back and drawing idly on his scribbler listened to the talk about him which heron checked from time to time by saying.
Prediction is: the retreet will begain onhe wens day afternoond an othour of sant frances saveviur whose feacet day is satterday | actual is: the retreat will begin on wednesday afternoon in honour of saint francis xavier whose feast day is saturday.
Prediction is: if ever he was impeled to cast sin from him and to repent the impulse that moved him was the wish to be her night | actual is: if ever he was impelled to cast sin from him and to repent the impulse that moved him was the wish to be her knight.
Prediction is: at most by an ams given to ra begerwhos blessing he fled from he ight hope wearely to win for himself some measure of actual grace | actual is: at most by an alms given to a beggar whose blessing he fled from he might hope wearily to win for himself some measure of actual grace.
Prediction is: it was strange too that he found an erd pleasure ind following up to the end their righed lings of the doctrins of the church and penitrating into obscur  silenceas only to her and fel the mor deply his own condemnation | actual is: it was strange too that he found an arid pleasure in following up to the end the rigid lines of the doctrines of the church and penetrating into obscure silences only to hear and feel the more deeply his own condemnation.
Prediction is: nf fer man had stilden apound in his yuh and ad used that pownd to a mas a uge fortn how much was he oblige to togit back the pond he had sti an only wer a pound together with the compoud interest a cruwing upon it or all his huge fortun | actual is: if a man had stolen a pound in his youth and had used that pound to amass a huge fortune how much was he obliged to give back the pound he had stolen only or the pound together with the compound interest accruing upon it or all his huge fortune.
Prediction is: num but denfresh nelyis waiting on you could not husbend | actual is: number ten fresh nelly is waiting on you good night husband.
Prediction is: tye un coth faces passed him to by two staind yellow or red or livid by the sea and as he stroved to lok at them with ease ande differenced a fhenkt staine of personal shae mand comviseration rosed to his own face | actual is: the uncouth faces passed him two by two stained yellow or red or livid by the sea and as he strove to look at them with ease and indifference a faint stain of personal shame and commiseration rose to his own face.
Prediction is: ther diding stone poisd on its rude s apports and rocking undo their plunges and thee ru hun stones of the sloping break water over which they srambled in their horse play glemed with cold wetht luster | actual is: their diving stone poised on its rude supports and rocking under their plunges and the rough hewn stones of the sloping breakwater over which they scrambled in their horseplay gleamed with cold wet lustre.
Prediction is: ao stef en ols here come was the deadlus | actual is: hello stephanos here comes the dedalus.
Prediction is: theyir piety woulh be like their nams like their faces like their clods and t ws idle for him to tel himself that their humble lent contrite heart si miht be pate of far richere tribut of devotion than his had ever ben a givet ten fold more eceptable bat his a leber at adoration | actual is: their piety would be like their names like their faces like their clothes and it was idle for him to tell himself that their humble and contrite hearts it might be paid a far richer tribute of devotion than his had ever been a gift tenfold more acceptable than his elaborate adoration.
Prediction is: the frays and the day and teceened harmoniyed in acord | actual is: the phrase and the day and the scene harmonized in a chord.
Prediction is: the yor p they had come from lay out there beyond the ire sea our op of strange tongs and valle dan world t begurten sisa del and of intrenched and martfald races | actual is: the europe they had come from lay out there beyond the irish sea europe of strange tongues and valleyed and woodbegirt and citadelled and of entrenched and marshalled races.
Prediction is: they ere voiging acros the desrts of the sky a host of no mads on the march foeghing high over ireland west wered bound | actual is: they were voyaging across the deserts of the sky a host of nomads on the march voyaging high over ireland westward bound.
Prediction is: a momunt before the gost to the antient kindem of the dangs had looked forth through the vestur of the has wrapt city | actual is: a moment before the ghost of the ancient kingdom of the danes had looked forth through the vesture of the hazewrapped city.
Prediction is: he sat of of brutly for the bu walking rapinly lest his father shrl wissol might call him back and in af fyow moments he had round the curf at the pollecebarick and was safe | actual is: he set off abruptly for the bull walking rapidly lest his father is shrill whistle might call him back and in a few moments he had rounded the curve at the police barrack and was safe.
Prediction is: words was at their collors | actual is: words was it their colours.
Prediction is: idlland in bitering finely to argu against hisond dhis passion it surtitude that the commandiment of love badus not to love our nabor as ourselves with the same amount and intencity of love but to love him as ourselves with the same kind of lo | actual is: idle and embittering finally to argue against his own dispassionate certitude that the commandment of love bade us not to love our neighbour as ourselves with the same amount and intensity of love but to love him as ourselves with the same kind of love.
Prediction is: the unof vercity | actual is: the university.
Prediction is: he culd wate no longer | actual is: he could wait no longer.
Prediction is: the prie that dim immage brought back to his mind th dignity of the officehe had refused | actual is: the pride of that dim image brought back to his mind the dignity of the office he had refused.
Prediction is: andry with himself he tried to hiht his face from their eys by gazing down side ways into the shalow sworling water under the brige but he still saw arereflection therind of their top heavy si cats and humble take like colors and lustly hanging clarical clos brouthe hike | actual is: angry with himself he tried to hide his face from their eyes by gazing down sideways into the shallow swirling water under the bridge but he still saw a reflection therein of their top heavy silk hats and humble tape like collars and loosely hanging clerical clothes brother hickey.
Prediction is: it was id l for him to move himself to be generous towards them to tell himself that if he ever came to their gates stripd of his pried etenmentid begers weeds that they would be genneres towards him loving him as themselves | actual is: it was idle for him to move himself to be generous towards them to tell himself that if he ever came to their gates stripped of his pride beaten and in beggar is weeds that they would be generous towards him loving him as themselves.
Prediction is: it was a paine to see thim and a sord like pain to see the sins of attelessns that made repellant their pitiable naeedness | actual is: it was a pain to see them and a sword like pain to see the signs of adolescence that made repellent their pitiable nakedness.
Prediction is: brut in ma cardle brother kilf | actual is: brother mac ardle brother keogh.
Prediction is: again again | actual is: again again.
Prediction is: for afull hour he had pay sed up pad down wating but he could wait no longger | actual is: for a full hour he had paced up and down waiting but he could wait no longer.
Prediction is: step an os deadrels | actual is: stephanos dedalos.
Prediction is: a voice from bhe yond the world was calling | actual is: a voice from beyond the world was calling.
Prediction is: ried ofter satisfaction up blifted him like long slow was | actual is: pride after satisfaction uplifted him like long slow waves.
Prediction is: he stood still in defferentcs to their cals and parye their banter with easy words | actual is: he stood still in deference to their calls and parried their banter with easy words.
Prediction is: soond the hole brigh was trembling and resounding | actual is: soon the whole bridge was trembling and resounding.
Prediction is: whoise feet ar as the feet of hearts and under neet the ever lasting arms | actual is: whose feet are as the feet of harts and underneath the everlasting arms.
Prediction is: her he bll helth eveh her her yeolbing manner for she couldnever appos any one withou gathering up all her strengh fo the strugle | actual is: her feeble health gave her her yielding manner for she could never oppose any one without gathering up all her strength for the struggle.
Prediction is: sir marb sexteent | actual is: sir march sixteenth.
Prediction is: hi s bok french perfectly ihav intold when need was bhut delighted usily ntalking the brohtust yructure | actual is: he spoke french perfectly i have been told when need was but delighted usually in talking the broadest yorkshire.
Prediction is: why we to be divietin | actual is: why are we to be divided.
Prediction is: if quision profection e necessery tosalvation i shall never bestaved my heartd as a very hoght beadforsintl thoughts and when i decide on anactioni scarce the irmemberts look d my redemof for a durction | actual is: if christian perfection be necessary to salvation i shall never be saved my heart is a very hotbed for sinful thoughts and when i decide on an action i scarcely remember to look to my redeemer for direction.
Prediction is: you will say that a woman has noneet of such acassion there can be no parelin it for her | actual is: you will say that a woman has no need of such a caution there can be no peril in it for her.
Prediction is: herefews sat first solisnsto the carefor ad vice it was repommen to his liberl mature | actual is: he refused at first to listen to the careful advice it was repugnant to his liberal nature.
Prediction is: ta be headleen with them fror tener told years and was as sharlit expressit one of the fanly | actual is: tabby had lived with them for ten or twelve years and was as charlotte expressed it one of the family.
Prediction is: o tisecong leter al so she spoke and tol my that it contained an invitation for herd to go in see the poit of ever she visited the lakes | actual is: of this second letter also she spoke and told me that it contained an invitation for her to go and see the poet if ever she visited the lakes.
Prediction is: i do ne olwy suceed for sometimes whene intecing or soing i would rather be reaing araning but  tried to denie myself and my father is approvation amply rewarded me for the prevation | actual is: i do not always succeed for sometimes when i am teaching or sewing i would rather be reading or writing but i try to deny myself and my father is approbation amply rewarded me for the privation.
Prediction is:  ise to diseatdabel partis anreligon | actual is: we used to dispute about politics and religion.
Prediction is: she had another wait on her mi nd his crisness | actual is: she had another weight on her mind this christmas.
Prediction is: i carefoly a void any appearance of preocupation and ecen tricity which might lieved thoas i liv emons to suspect the manturo my perses | actual is: i carefully avoid any appearance of preoccupation and eccentricity which might lead those i live amongst to suspect the nature of my pursuits.
Prediction is: tabe hadtended them in their chilhood may and non other shoutend her in her in fermits m anadge | actual is: tabby had tended them in their childhood they and none other should tend her in her infirmity and age.
Prediction is: and often has my mother said whie on her lop i lavded my head she feared for time i was not mae but foreturnity | actual is: and often has my mother said while on her lap i laid my head she feared for time i was not made but for eternity.
Prediction is: i do nt whether bran well was maintaning himselfs of this time | actual is: i doubt whether branwell was maintaining himself at this time.
Prediction is: in the evenings i confesst i do think but i never truble anyuen ols with my thoughts | actual is: in the evenings i confess i do think but i never trouble any one else with my thoughts.
Prediction is: to those duiese you have no av been called and whenyou ar you will be lust eger for slebrty | actual is: to those duties you have not yet been called and when you are you will be less eager for celebrity.
Prediction is: you letter has giveny great pleasure and i shold not for give myself ili do no tell you so | actual is: your letter has given me great pleasure and i should not forgive myself if i did not tell you so.
Prediction is: a good neigber o the brontas a clever intelagent yourture woman hwho keeps ta dugis shop ind aworsea nfrom erccupation her expirience an eclencense hods the posision of vhiige doctress innerse and a such has be n afriend in many a time of tril and signess an death in the house hold round told me a cartres ag little incient cnected wth tabbe is fractur leng | actual is: a good neighbour of the brontes a clever intelligent yorkshire woman who keeps a druggist is shop in haworth and from her occupation her experience and excellent sense holds the position of village doctress and nurse and as such has been a friend in many a time of trial and sickness and death in the households round told me a characteristic little incident connected with tabby is fractured leg.
Prediction is: howver remembering what you told me naimely they you had commendind the matter to hire dicision an ars and that eure resobe i semit with resiations that descision whalt ever  mihd be i hold it my duty to yele also an to be silent and made be al for the best | actual is: however remembering what you told me namely that you had commended the matter to a higher decision than ours and that you were resolved to submit with resignation to that decision whatever it might be i hold it my duty to yield also and to be silent it may be all for the best.
Prediction is: at twe time there sad indsilent and the mea wento ray untuchd by any of the three | actual is: at tea time they were sad and silent and the meal went away untouched by any of the three.
Prediction is: bu do not suppose that i desparge the geft which you posess nor that i would discure you from axecising hat i onlay xsorge you so to think of it and soto use it as se render it conduce ov to yo peminent good | actual is: but do not suppose that i disparage the gift which you possess nor that i would discourage you from exercising it i only exhort you so to think of it and so to use it as to render it conducive to your own permanent good.
Prediction is: af toer mis disipparen i never dar reckon with certainty on the injerment of he preasure again it seeems as of somefthitaity stibetunuame | actual is: after this disappointment i never dare reckon with certainty on the enjoyment of a pleasure again it seems as if some fatality stood between you and me.
Prediction is: i thit had therefor my dety whet ilef schod to be come agoverness | actual is: i thought it therefore my duty when i left school to become a governess.
Prediction is: jaury and fevy ray of eigten this heven had passed away and still there is no rpli from  sevy | actual is: january and february of eighteen thirty seven had passed away and still there was no reply from southey.
Prediction is: i was you wr recher again but it wol take to re thre intoes before the stiffness the in strangmentit of this long sepration wer wareway | actual is: i wish it would recur again but it will take two or three interviews before the stiffness the estrangement of this long separation will wear away.
Prediction is: and meen time and o the gratnessif to hova i knowsed the pofection of his word i a dorye the peartyof the criten fath my feri os rat my practes horly ral | actual is: and meantime i know the greatness of jehovah i acknowledge the perfection of his word i adore the purity of the christian faith my theory is right my practice horribly wrong.
Prediction is: she  a toryiin clerunas daughter was always i tha my nority of one in our house of vilin disentin raticlasm | actual is: she a tory and clergyman is daughter was always in a minority of one in our house of violent dissent and radicalism.
Prediction is: saed after sae any comes around and i can have no whoe orphearing oand oct of the door and then ben tol that missi is come o dear | actual is: saturday after saturday comes round and i can have no hope of hearing your knock at the door and then being told that miss e is come oh dear.
Prediction is: iam not god ene for you and you must becept from the contamination of two intimate secity | actual is: i am not good enough for you and you must be kept from the contamination of too intimate society.
Prediction is: noi may be but and angracious aviser you wile alowme therefore ti sescrid myself with th best wishus fre happiness here and her after yoer tufend abert selvy | actual is: though i may be but an ungracious adviser you will allow me therefore to subscribe myself with the best wishes for your happiness here and hereafter your true friend robert southey.
Prediction is: she was gorn out into the billageon someer and when as she was decending the steep street her fot slipe om isan she fell is darkan knornce a horm mis hernce to after time her growns attrackted the attension of he passovy | actual is: she was gone out into the village on some errand when as she was descending the steep street her foot slipped on the ice and she fell it was dark and no one saw her mischance till after a time her groans attracted the attention of a passer by.
Prediction is: but an had begaento sove rejustyfor the halrtiys and shaledt whatchover her younger sisters with the jeles o veduance of some wild creacture bad chang is her very nature if denger thrend wer young | actual is: but anne had begun to suffer just before the holidays and charlotte watched over her younger sisters with the jealous vigilance of some wild creature that changes her very nature if danger threatens her young.
Prediction is: ind this i manot his layfe o mind that was a plesanteens | actual is: in this monotonous life of mine that was a pleasant event.
Prediction is: i have not bentured to hot for such reply so considrete in its tone so nobl in at spirit | actual is: i had not ventured to hope for such a reply so considerate in its tone so noble in its spirit.
Prediction is: stun by nxigdy for his lile sister she uprated misstdubbe you for her fanceng indifferencedto anseiet of hout | actual is: stung by anxiety for this little sister she upbraided miss w for her fancied indifference to anne is state of health.
Prediction is: iam not depreciiiing it when i say that in these tirmes it is not rar | actual is: i am not depreciating it when i say that in these times it is not rare.
Prediction is: an awgist twenty sethert eighten therty even she rats | actual is: on august twenty seventh eighteen thirty seven she writes.
Prediction is: indeedd therere only wonter to strangers who could be admited among mhe sisteris wrolt prducein th sam asalt | actual is: indeed there were only one or two strangers who could be admitted among the sisters without producing the same result.
Prediction is: my ys filtst ears when i contrass the bliss of such a state brained by hopes of the future with mo an cal san an olivin ncertain that i evrerfelt tru contresion wondering in thlod inded longing for hoinniss which i shall never never obten smisin nat times to the heart with the conviction that dassly col he mistec dotrensher true dar cand inshured by the very shadows a spirtal death | actual is: my eyes fill with tears when i contrast the bliss of such a state brightened by hopes of the future with the melancholy state i now live in uncertain that i ever felt true contrition wandering in thought and deed longing for holiness which i shall never never obtain smitten at times to the heart with the conviction that ghastly calvinistic doctrines are true darkened in short by the very shadows of spiritual death.
Prediction is: whire we to bes nie each other socity | actual is: why are we to be denied each other is society.
Prediction is: was docision was comanicated to the girls | actual is: this decision was communicated to the girls.
Prediction is: amfortunatly te factuore co not we settol six seclock tan exmorning as no sergion was to be hadbefor that time and she now lies ather house in the very doubtfulr andangereus state | actual is: unfortunately the fracture could not be set till six oclock the next morning as no surgeon was to be had before that time and she now lies at our house in a very doubtful and dangerous state.
Prediction is: and so life in deh have dispersed the circle ofvil int radicos in descenters into which tweny ars th go  a lile quiet resolyt cruiguons daughter was receved and by whomshe ws truen love en onned | actual is: and so life and death have dispersed the circle of violent radicals and dissenters into which twenty years ago the little quiet resolute clergyman is daughter was received and by whom she was truly loved and honoured.
Prediction is: i gaeni than y wis inseidhe esuppose wil bey rinued no mor if i lict o be an old womanshal remember at thirty ars hens as a briat dren | actual is: again i thank you this incident i suppose will be renewed no more if i live to be an old woman i shall remember it thirty years hence as a bright dream.
Prediction is: th mor she is indade in her proper dutiees the lest leser wils he hae for it even as in acomplishment and areccriation | actual is: the more she is engaged in her proper duties the less leisure will she have for it even as an accomplishment and a recreation.
Prediction is: thair well ma am | actual is: farewell madam.
Prediction is: come come on gan realy terto rabsence | actual is: come come i am getting really tired of your absence.
Prediction is: cas bik marg twey secon eigtened thir yu seven deam ma am | actual is: keswick march twenty second eighteen thirty seven dear madam.
Prediction is: i cni do ni myself the gradification of incerting so ies rpy | actual is: i cannot deny myself the gratification of inserting southey is reply.
Prediction is: peess praseregxtuse me forrading tou second time i cul not halpbrating proito tay how tanfl i amfore kin es and parin cs litinug kno they yeare by sho not be waisted howver sorfly an erlectomy and ma be at firspollowd sebe | actual is: p s pray sir excuse me for writing to you a second time i could not help writing partly to tell you how thankful i am for your kindness and partly to let you know that your advice shall not be wasted however sorrowfully and reluctantly it may be at first followed c b.
Prediction is: but it is not with av ve to distinction that y should caulstovate this taent if you consa yo an happiness | actual is: but it is not with a view to distinction that you should cultivate this talent if you consult your own happiness.
Prediction is: i no the first let i rot you was al sence lhes tragh from beginin and but i am knot atgeter the idle dreaming beng it wold seintin s nolt | actual is: i know the first letter i wrote to you was all senseless trash from beginning to end but i am not altogether the idle dreaming being it would seem to denote.
Prediction is: stil her heart ad re sceved o shock in the perception f an s delicacy ad al hes hony she wached over heor with he longing fon odity which a so fall of sat in paings a fear | actual is: still her heart had received a shock in the perception of anne is delicacy and all these holidays she watched over her with the longing fond anxiety which is so full of sudden pangs of fear.
Prediction is: the crisn is holrdys came and shen an returned to the parsonange andto that happy hon circl in which alone their natures expanded amongset all other people ay trobl tbot more olus | actual is: the christmas holidays came and she and anne returned to the parsonage and to that happy home circle in which alone their natures expanded amongst all other people they shrivelled up more or less.
Prediction is: surely a must be bengchas er en danger  loving atother too well of mosing sait of the crater and idelety of the creature | actual is: surely it must be because we are in danger of loving each other too well of losing sight of the creator in idolatry of the creature.
Prediction is: the use of the word brace d as at tacinco tem thetful impise no deprocation of the montivs orf the ens solt byt comcfuner under this connenof consticus wacst | actual is: the use of the word waste as a technical term therefore implies no deprecation of the motives or of the ends sought by the consumer under this canon of conspicuous waste.
Prediction is: an a conciliationetwen the two comficting were quimence isefected by resort to make belevh manannt cu polite of serdances an sosiol tud tis aser monin nature argevelopt many orcanezationsofhonded with some specious objict of inumiration anboted in ther oficial stylun titl there s much coming ingoin an a delof tok to the em that the tolk us ma no aviccation to efect un lhat is biffectthal y conomac avolle of their cofict | actual is: a reconciliation between the two conflicting requirements is effected by a resort to make believe many and intricate polite observances and social duties of a ceremonial nature are developed many organizations are founded with some specious object of amelioration embodied in their official style and title there is much coming and going and a deal of talk to the end that the talkers may not have occasion to reflect on what is the effectual economic value of their traffic.
Prediction is: o the secomstance pomintin that instanck distosehis mento of witd favorupom pridect oftificioncy ad un miod ever is of chemanes | actual is: other circumstances permitting that instinct disposes men to look with favor upon productive efficiency and on whatever is of human use.
Prediction is: ander the seimplepesto aftectedness fr and wht hisin whes should expecto fin leasure and theconspic us consemsionof gons deviding the feeld of cocunary enmilation pret eden leyb twen then o dhelset | actual is: under the simple test of effectiveness for advertising we should expect to find leisure and the conspicuous consumption of goods dividing the field of pecuniary emulation pretty evenly between them at the outset.
Prediction is: thut the actual cos of devotpand has ben somewhat diffren from this ideasken he lesure hed the ces paset th stot and came tol heren terma tobov twas for consempsiofgeds boh as atdarectt expernent of weltf an d us than elonment in distended of decesy duing the cose i pisibl couture | actual is: but the actual course of development has been somewhat different from this ideal scheme leisure held the first place at the start and came to hold a rank very much above wasteful consumption of goods both as a direct exponent of wealth and as an element in the standard of decency during the quasi peaceable culture.
Prediction is: the same and feaches of bistdevelment af demesticset is haveawy d ben inicated | actual is: the salient features of this development of domestic service have already been indicated.
Prediction is: throuhout the imtireblythoul conspickis ex penature where the ho good servf sevicis or human nife rence the obvthis ingprication the aadi tafectualy men thecons umis god tan it mest ben expeniture of sipaffutes | actual is: throughout the entire evolution of conspicuous expenditure whether of goods or of services or human life runs the obvious implication that in order to effectually mend the consumer is good fame it must be an expenditure of superfluities.
Prediction is: and oto ge madee use fo an wistrl botf a setelite took cons e remaymat up of use and wast in the most faring propotions | actual is: an article may be useful and wasteful both and its utility to the consumer may be made up of use and waste in the most varying proportions.
Prediction is: in sticked accers i nothing should beingcuted under the had of cos bekus wast at such expenature as is incared in the ground of an indegis pacunay comparsom | actual is: in strict accuracy nothing should be included under the head of conspicuous waste but such expenditure as is incurred on the ground of an invidious pecuniary comparison.
Prediction is: as u ein te spectof everday ninf thr word caras n un te tone of the pication | actual is: as used in the speech of everyday life the word carries an undertone of deprecation.
Prediction is: but it is an other grands wore kh noting hat the tem wace in the lin wig oa everday nife inkise that procastionof with his cark drise hiswacstflo | actual is: but it is on other grounds worth noting that the term waste in the language of everyday life implies deprecation of what is characterized as wasteful.
Prediction is: ther is no crosen tno cuntrthat as eted so abdicty before the pressur of pysical want as tid ani themfes ol retification of this highr arspry timet | actual is: there is no class and no country that has yielded so abjectly before the pressure of physical want as to deny themselves all gratification of this higher or spiritual need.
Prediction is: if bejo comfot is acheved an at is morilus fortuto seconstansci faie they must bicheded by means i mistrds that comenenmselves shog the greay decamnygnal of vrace od efit | actual is: if beauty or comfort is achieved and it is a more or less fortuitous circumstance if they are they must be achieved by means and methods that commend themselves to the great economic law of wasted effort.
Prediction is: the motharn orgn izatio of instre works in the sanederection also vinoverlin | actual is: the modern organization of industry works in the same direction also by another line.
Prediction is: the man of the housaldalsacendo something distericinen indeet y comenne dous but with a stilloy desent in to the levl sof indigence ad on the margn of the slems the man nd presentilsor the chirderen dirtha ses to consemn vellybogits for aperances and the woman remansfirtilly the sol exponen of the househols ecunarrydicncy | actual is: the man of the household also can do something in this direction and indeed he commonly does but with a still lower descent into the levels of indigence along the margin of the slums the man and presently also the children virtually cease to consume valuable goods for appearances and the woman remains virtually the sole exponent of the household is pecuniary decency.
Prediction is: and a gener away tho nu holig olconsitently tese to greps colin sight | actual is: in a general way though not wholly nor consistently these two groups coincide.
Prediction is: itdis evid en thefo that the presen trend of te rebelotent isin the darx of hithing bytilltie consticus conscention as compard with measure | actual is: it is evident therefore that the present trend of the development is in the direction of heightening the utility of conspicuous consumption as compared with leisure.
Prediction is: each il tharefor serv about equal welld yoring the arny state of sochal glof | actual is: each will therefore serve about equally well during the earlier stages of social growth.
Prediction is: a ong the contrepupination its places to somexten takend by satings and home comfots non thohtinegin of maeben casic suffitienty to sad the light general patos o bpeacunary reput | actual is: among the country population its place is to some extent taken by savings and home comforts known through the medium of neighborhood gossip sufficiently to serve the like general purpose of pecuniary repute.
Prediction is: the depenen to as festelageted for thesedutecs was the life or the cheef wife and as would be expectt te dimi lated i opendt of the insitution when he embr of pesnce by him thes eces acus mauli cerform gradtur a norows the hife fenans the ust | actual is: the dependent who was first delegated for these duties was the wife or the chief wife and as would be expected in the later development of the institution when the number of persons by whom these duties are customarily performed gradually narrows the wife remains the last.
Prediction is: but as we disemed the social scaled the point his presenty eached whe the jutes of by carous leasur and consemtion dovelve uprom the wife alon | actual is: but as we descend the social scale the point is presently reached where the duties of vicarious leisure and consumption devolve upon the wife alone.
Prediction is: in tae comuntes of the wist en couture thispointes of present found among dhe loimit e clus | actual is: in the communities of the western culture this point is at present found among the lower middle class.
Prediction is: comsempsion te comes alot eo eiment in thes sanderd of litving in the cite o in the comtry | actual is: consumption becomes a larger element in the standard of living in the city than in the country.
Prediction is: it is lsermetisibld at the seb sabilitive consensionas ameans of e pet as reas the ensistineon it ashanmolimentan de cncy i at ispess in thos potions of the commito wr ta humand condict of the indiveto ayse widest an the mebiityvf th popuation is gratest | actual is: it is also noticeable that the serviceability of consumption as a means of repute as well as the insistence on it as an element of decency is at its best in those portions of the community where the human contact of the individual is widest and the mobility of the population is greatest.
Prediction is: vernich of squallor indiscomfit ril be encured before the last trinket or the nostpretens of the cunariy decnces pus away | actual is: very much of squalor and discomfort will be endured before the last trinket or the last pretense of pecuniary decency is put away.
Prediction is: the questiness which of thetwo meted swie mosteffec to d e reachd the pesnce whos comdicties it is desire tofect | actual is: the question is which of the two methods will most effectively reach the persons whose convictions it is desired to affect.
Prediction is: ther iselt is a grat rebilltivd the nabr inport ain printin papsgrated han n any other eqcrally wo defind in consigable bude  wirkon | actual is: the result is a great mobility of the labor employed in printing perhaps greater than in any other equally well defined and considerable body of workmen.
Prediction is: seman af them howeven as maeg upt vertainn andhingny son of the paeen may be cost as iy carious concee without cofication | actual is: so many of them however as make up the retainer and hangers on of the patron may be classed as vicarious consumer without qualification.
Prediction is: under thae to bo seantic chils and lod da carny cercand bebrages a strickl resared for the euse of the sepperi cos | actual is: under the tabu certain victuals and more particularly certain beverages are strictly reserved for the use of the superior class.
Prediction is: this tefreciation s fatit by the inhearsans of wotf and the comsquentin har tosoftentelity | actual is: this differentiation is furthered by the inheritance of wealth and the consequent inheritance of gentility.
Prediction is: say thos of hisis which ar by righte the pruperiempoment of the lesiof crase i nable such as goveman t fitin henting the ca of onson aqutments and the lik an shot thos which may t a clossesustensily pretitry in poens | actual is: so those offices which are by right the proper employment of the leisure class are noble such as government fighting hunting the care of arms and accoutrements and the like in short those which may be classed as ostensibly predatory employments.
Prediction is: the oatill tiv consemtion osthenevdence of welth is to be crass as a derivith of groh | actual is: the utility of consumption as an evidence of wealth is to be classed as a derivative growth.
Prediction is: wi defirtherd fons an couture this to be machanshin simple custom of a moroless regrius cacter bue toutd everd be the fheret cal baces of the distintion which his mainetaned whet r be ato be or nad to commensionality the features of the commensional skem of concemption dinup change easiy | actual is: with a further advance in culture this tabu may change into simple custom of a more or less rigorous character but whatever be the theoretical basis of the distinction which is maintained whether it be a tabu or a larger conventionality the features of the conventional scheme of consumption do not change easily.
Prediction is: anever as in dhese cases the munial sevs inquestion has to e deric e we a prim ry nasur im pomentce of fightem an huntin it easelaquis a refected unerishit caractor | actual is: whenever as in these cases the menial service in question has to do directly with the primary leisure employments of fighting and hunting it easily acquires a reflected honorific character.
Prediction is: with manycorfications bit more corfications as so patrarccal trodition as gredja weakand the general woe s felut to be right andbinding that weman should comseem only for the befict of their mosters | actual is: with many qualifications with more qualifications as the patriarchal tradition has gradually weakened the general rule is felt to be right and binding that women should consume only for the benefit of their masters.
Prediction is: the consemptionof lexuries and the trusense his consempsion dereicted to the comfict of h consumor himself and is therefore amark of the moster | actual is: the consumption of luxuries in the true sense is a consumption directed to the comfort of the consumer himself and is therefore a mark of the master.
Prediction is: tbat the genral distantionly not ametacoun to the ovenit | actual is: but the general distinction is not on that account to be overlooked.
Prediction is: there is a moronoss alebert systim of rancon grats | actual is: there is a more or less elaborate system of rank and grades.
Prediction is: the objiction of cose presens itself that expeniatere un wimn strus and houso parfonaili is an ob this ecception to thi shruo but it owil appearing the secuot hat thisecceptiont is mich ma of this and sufstensial | actual is: the objection of course presents itself that expenditure on women is dress and household paraphernalia is an obvious exception to this rule but it will appear in the sequel that this exception is much more obvious than substantial.
Prediction is: the nivery be comes onuxius to menthe old ho arerequied to ar it | actual is: the livery becomes obnoxious to nearly all who are required to wear it.
Prediction is: the warors of denifoms in nevris may be restedyvi digint to two crosses the free and the sevi br the nable and the agnabl | actual is: the wearers of uniforms and liveries may be roughly divided into two classes the free and the servile or the noble and the ignoble.
Prediction is: such consemption us fuls oe t ewiman his nali insidentl to ther work it is anmeans to their continud labet and ogh tho consemptiond erected to therownd comfot andfulecs of life | actual is: such consumption as falls to the women is merely incidental to their work it is a means to their continued labour and not a consumption directed to their own comfort and fulness of life.
Prediction is: butarready ata point en econ on me covalution far anstating themugance of the laty specilized consenion of agotes as anevidence of pacunary stringth had begen to work out in the morona s lebre sistim | actual is: but already at a point in economic evolution far antedating the emergence of the lady specialised consumption of goods as an evidence of pecuniary strength had begun to work out in a more or less elaborate system.
Prediction is: many of thes afillato gentlemen of leisure art the same tine nessimen of substhonce in the rown right so that some o hemascasfeto othis onthe poshly to berated is my carius concenice | actual is: many of these affiliated gentlemen of leisure are at the same time lesser men of substance in their own right so that some of them are scarcely at all others only partially to be rated as vicarious consumers.
Prediction is: it has even happened that the name for secend desiase conditions of the budy arizing fror such nargo has posed int everday speach as a sininim for noble orgente | actual is: it has even happened that the name for certain diseased conditions of the body arising from such an origin has passed into everyday speech as a synonym for noble or gentle.
Prediction is: many of these again an noldso many of the otheras stoprecive mistigry had inturnaqched to the presnes a moriness compehanso grp of by careris concema in the pesense of their wifesand chiden ther servance retaneus at cictra | actual is: many of these again and also many of the other aristocracy of less degree have in turn attached to their persons a more or less comprehensive group of vicarious consumer in the persons of their wives and children their servants retainers et cetera.
Prediction is: the waring of unifums a liboriys impiseo considabl degueye of dependance and ma than besaid to be e ok ofsevitud frer you orstensible | actual is: the wearing of uniforms or liveries implies a considerable degree of dependence and may even be said to be a mark of servitude real or ostensible.
Prediction is: thecestom of fes tof geverings probably oregeanted imetes of com lyte elaty in re naton these mentiv sersuo presenet in the nahtedavelifmant the vadeng u t continua tote th sov mentifs | actual is: the custom of festive gatherings probably originated in motives of conviviality and religion these motives are also present in the later development but they do not continue to be the sole motives.
Prediction is: grunkinuss and the of the petilegical comsequences of the freuwse of stinmoance beff atend ind beten to be come omeriyfik anf beng emok at the sacon gremove of the sapperioustates of those soaable tofort the indoltiance | actual is: drunkenness and the other pathological consequences of the free use of stimulants therefore tend in their turn to become honorific as being a mark at the second remove of the superior status of those who are able to afford the indulgence.
Prediction is: in the nae ture of thins lexuries and the comfoits of life belong to the legior clas | actual is: in the nature of things luxuries and the comforts of life belong to the leisure class.
Prediction is: whes men i wol bactk after the first atin yeou tougtshe seened quartan certin ov herself | actual is: westmere and i were back after the first act and we thought she seemed quite uncertain of herself.
Prediction is: fon gladgh his hewl arone sence | actual is: i am glad she is held her own since.
Prediction is: whe hadt recnsee d iders atbout everythim and his i dea about a maricans was at thay should be engiars on a canics | actual is: he had preconceived ideas about everything and his idea about americans was that they should be engineers or mechanics.
Prediction is: of cousy wereh wletted jhelys had that combantion of something honly an sensible and somthing urlly whiled and gat | actual is: of course he reflected she always had that combination of something homely and sensible and something utterly wild and daft.
Prediction is: affer that it was easi to forgo actualy to for deat | actual is: after that it was easy to forget actually to forget.
Prediction is: she says a hand to she satther best n he secand at | actual is: she saves her hand too she is at her best in the second act.
Prediction is: one night when hem whintifcretd were siting to getther on the brge bhe toldr the thincs at halpen whity  steding the bra but het was soren for one thing of the ticular and he aste whithar she out she oht to know about them | actual is: one night when he and winifred were sitting together on the bridge he told her that things had happened while he was studying abroad that he was sorry for one thing in particular and he asked her whether she thought she ought to know about them.
Prediction is: you now ie thought he dance of tbhe conscious tonight ut ae ferst time | actual is: do you know i thought the dance a bit conscious to night for the first time.
Prediction is: a say soi hary the little gols bon tanmusle t an i vis nshu | actual is: i say sir harry the little girl is going famously to night is not she.
Prediction is: is en oneof te mary hildr hestheiyars and more | actual is: he is been wanting to marry hilda these three years and more.
Prediction is: et was beganin to feal or ken intresed in the slender therf wot dopi gir who slikedfared an out o ic wla sening like some one winding thola villy fel | actual is: he was beginning to feel a keen interest in the slender barefoot donkey girl who slipped in and out of the play singing like some one winding through a hilly field.
Prediction is: wi shoutd ye wonderif she could laug about it with no now | actual is: i should not wonder if she could laugh about it with me now.
Prediction is: its been on only too weaks and i been hapatoes n times ol ready | actual is: it is been on only two weeks and i have been half a dozen times already.
Prediction is: i menbergoing one of afamint told he indcopidence hat there was awromet some where back in o be ginin | actual is: irene burgoyne one of her family told me in confidence that there was a romance somewhere back in the beginning.
Prediction is: men hae outs for her consency with a lokin is that mad elx inder smile evan well a cind of ragetd ec cightent was tingling hroug him | actual is: mainhall vouched for her constancy with a loftiness that made alexander smile even while a kind of rapid excitement was tingling through him.
Prediction is: she must care abupt the bitor a great dol more than she ise to | actual is: she must care about the theatre a great deal more than she used to.
Prediction is: man hall liked el exendrf be causyt was an enginear | actual is: mainhall liked alexander because he was an engineer.
Prediction is: su hary town miste bort re elle xanderf he american endinear | actual is: sir harry towne mister bartley alexander the american engineer.
Prediction is: is a nother whosoftley king about her bhut en troduce o | actual is: he is another who is awfully keen about her let me introduce you.
Prediction is: she oas not take up woth any bet you know | actual is: she does not take up with anybody you know.
Prediction is: after all we were offoly yong | actual is: after all we were awfully young.
Prediction is: a little atap of nerifes possibly | actual is: a little attack of nerves possibly.
Prediction is: she consided formomentamensod ne in think not the ay am glrad u ase | actual is: she considered a moment and then said no i think not though i am glad you ask me.
Prediction is: dyou know alexander man hal lookd with poclexuity oftento the tolp of the hansome and robed his pake cheek with his blokt finger dou know o someploncs thing c of takng to cuitiees inserious ley myself | actual is: do you know alexander mainhall looked with perplexity up into the top of the hansom and rubbed his pink cheek with his gloved finger do you know i sometimes think of taking to criticism seriously myself.
Prediction is: it is tomensely well wutd an too | actual is: it is tremendously well put on too.
Prediction is: she presed hs hand gently and gratitud | actual is: she pressed his hand gently in gratitude.
Prediction is: the sight of you bartly to seo living into happian successiful cani never make yu onderstand whith that means to me | actual is: the sight of you bartley to see you living and happy and successful can i never make you understand what that means to me.
Prediction is: place tly onething bartly atd blieaset tillme that you believe i thought i was makin you happy | actual is: please tell me one thing bartley at least tell me that you believe i thought i was making you happy.
Prediction is: the room was emptyway antered | actual is: the room was empty when he entered.
Prediction is: what i mean is that iwant you to prommois never to seenmy again no matt er how offen i con no meter how hard i dang | actual is: what i mean is that i want you to promise never to see me again no matter how often i come no matter how hard i beg.
Prediction is: alexent ar grownd ding ten two but some holi cudnt | actual is: alexander groaned i meant to but somehow i could not.
Prediction is: whore you hapvby ten atd al | actual is: were not you happy then at all.
Prediction is: hol this face quivered but she wasprt yes i thinkil must hv ben | actual is: hilda is face quivered but she whispered yes i think it must have been.
Prediction is: but itis wor s now itis onbariable | actual is: but it is worse now it is unbearable.
Prediction is: when dod o combartly an howdid at happent you hadent spoken a word | actual is: when did you come bartley and how did it happen you have not spoken a word.
Prediction is: bartly bent lowred over the fire | actual is: bartley bent lower over the fire.
Prediction is: elexanderdlened fored and worn his hands befor the blays | actual is: alexander leaned forward and warmed his hands before the blaze.
Prediction is: elexentderdid not sit down | actual is: alexander did not sit down.
Prediction is: she blushed an smiled and fultl his card in er confusiong before she rent up stairs | actual is: she blushed and smiled and fumbled his card in her confusion before she ran upstairs.
Prediction is: you see loting some hone as i lofve you maexs the whole world different | actual is: you see loving some one as i love you makes the whole world different.
Prediction is: he polduple window was if the air were heavy | actual is: he pulled up a window as if the air were heavy.
Prediction is: but i did not kno yo iv only to tell me now | actual is: but i did not know you have only to tell me now.
Prediction is: keople way f you wish when hat i ever followe you | actual is: keep away if you wish when have i ever followed you.
Prediction is: yyes held i know that he said simply | actual is: yes hilda i know that he said simply.
Prediction is: elexenter rose and shuokhmslf anguily yes i kno oncordly | actual is: alexander rose and shook himself angrily yes i know i am cowardly.
Prediction is: she pused him toward the big chare abo ta fire and sat down on e stool at the oppisit side of a hart er nesedron up to wrchin lauthing like a happy little girl | actual is: she pushed him toward the big chair by the fire and sat down on a stool at the opposite side of the hearth her knees drawn up to her chin laughing like a happy little girl.
Prediction is: elt s ender paced up end down the alway but ning and unbutening his overcoat untill she returnd and tookhem up to hildhas litting rom | actual is: alexander paced up and down the hallway buttoning and unbuttoning his overcoat until she returned and took him up to hilda is living room.
Prediction is: he tok a rufly his arms to kno what i meane | actual is: he took her roughly in his arms do you know what i mean.
Prediction is: to cry do not cryhe wasprt | actual is: do not cry do not cry he whispered.
Prediction is: wi do anythingyou wish me to bartly she said tremileusly | actual is: i will do anything you wish me to bartley she said tremulously.
Prediction is: bart lebent over an tooker in his arms kissing hermoth than her whet tired eys | actual is: bartley bent over and took her in his arms kissing her mouth and her wet tired eyes.
Prediction is: she closedher eyes and tokhe deepreth as if to draw in again the fraguence of those days | actual is: she closed her eyes and took a deep breath as if to draw in again the fragrance of those days.
Prediction is: and then you came back bot caring vry much but it made no difference | actual is: and then you came back not caring very much but it made no difference.
Prediction is: i undestand bartly i was rongk | actual is: i understand bartley i was wrong.
Prediction is: if hot hat might be sister cater cous an mike would be happening a long | actual is: i thought it might be sister kate or cousin mike would be happening along.
Prediction is: the stopp a quaiens town the teedious passage oft the mercy wherh things that he noted dimly thohis growing impatience | actual is: the stop at queenstown the tedious passage up the mersey were things that he noted dimly through his growing impatience.
Prediction is: it was myself i was dofiing hilda | actual is: it was myself i was defying hilda.
Prediction is: the world is all there just as it used to be but icant it added any more | actual is: the world is all there just as it used to be but i can not get at it any more.
Prediction is: i canot stanc seeng you misrable | actual is: i can not stand seeing you miserable.
Prediction is: i git nothing but missory out of ether | actual is: i get nothing but misery out of either.
Prediction is: i ill askd the least imagionable but i must t have something | actual is: i will ask the least imaginable but i must have something.
Prediction is: who bartly what mi to do | actual is: oh bartley what am i to do.
Prediction is: i felted in my bons whn i woke the smorning hat something splend et was goingto turn up | actual is: i felt it in my bones when i woke this morning that something splendid was going to turn up.
Prediction is: but wid i n o tell me when you were here in the somer | actual is: but why did not you tell me when you were here in the summer.
Prediction is: i got in about ten min its ago | actual is: i got in about ten minutes ago.
Prediction is: yes is she herred puling a hengently away from him | actual is: yes yes she hurried pulling her hand gently away from him.
Prediction is: he moved un eeasilly an his chair creat | actual is: he moved uneasily and his chair creaked.
Prediction is: phildto watchd him from the corner trimling an scarcely brething dork shatows growing about her eyes it | actual is: hilda watched him from her corner trembling and scarcely breathing dark shadows growing about her eyes it.
Prediction is: she looke it is heavy shoulders and big determened head brust fore ltk catiput en lash | actual is: she looked at his heavy shoulders and big determined head thrust forward like a catapult in leash.
Prediction is: with tortred eiach other anogh for to night | actual is: we have tortured each other enough for tonight.
Prediction is: i must kno about you | actual is: i must know about you.
Prediction is: hi sto t a litle behind her and traed to stead himself as he said it soft ind misty see how like the stars are | actual is: he stood a little behind her and tried to steady himself as he said it is soft and misty see how white the stars are.
Prediction is: when she finished alexender shiok himself out of a revery | actual is: when she finished alexander shook himself out of a reverie.
Prediction is: thanke you but i nonot like t so well as this | actual is: thank you but i do not like it so well as this.
Prediction is: they wiae bet rhe member in what the woman had said when she took the money gcood give you a happy love | actual is: they were both remembering what the woman had said when she took the money god give you a happy love.
Prediction is: the was wat a cris suppan soul and at de ligheful aled stuftrd musroms an trufuls and two small rare duclinggs and arda chopes and at dry ellaw rone wine of which bartly had always benen very fond | actual is: there was watercress soup and sole and a delightful omelette stuffed with mushrooms and truffles and two small rare ducklings and artichokes and a dry yellow rhone wine of which bartley had always been very fond.
Prediction is: non sence of course i caprly sang except the way my mother ing gramother did tefor me | actual is: nonsense of course i can not really sing except the way my mother and grandmother did before me.
Prediction is: do you remnemver that first walk wetook togetthe in paris | actual is: do you remember that first walk we took together in paris.
Prediction is: alegxenter wen over an open to window for her | actual is: alexander went over and opened the window for her.
Prediction is: thos felows ore all very loialy even maine hall | actual is: those fellows are all very loyal even mainhall.
Prediction is: bartly started whn hel t a rang alitle bell eside her dear me wided you do that | actual is: bartley started when hilda rang the little bell beside her dear me why did you do that.
Prediction is: when bart ly arived at fort square on sondy evning be re tha pretty litle french gir met inm at the doorn condected him up stars | actual is: when bartley arrived at bedford square on sunday evening marie the pretty little french girl met him at the door and conducted him upstairs.
Prediction is: itis rere wheycto warmintoasrom to samg dono you feel it | actual is: it is really too warm in this room to sing do not you feel it.
Prediction is: lam would the careragrat doal about many of them ifancy | actual is: lamb would not care a great deal about many of them i fancy.
Prediction is: how jaly it was being young hilda | actual is: how jolly it was being young hilda.
Prediction is: ad i told you about li new play | actual is: have i told you about my new play.
Prediction is: come will ever cofiny o the roo m an you cand smoke | actual is: come we will have our coffee in the other room and you can smoke.
Prediction is: there just in frot | actual is: there just in front.
Prediction is: the strange woman and her passionat cetance that rang olt so sharply had frightened himboth | actual is: the strange woman and her passionate sentence that rang out so sharply had frightened them both.
Prediction is: if managse to save something every yer and that with holping my thre sisteris now n then and tiding pooor cous an mike oever bad seasons | actual is: i have managed to save something every year and that with helping my three sisters now and then and tiding poor cousin mike over bad seasons.
Prediction is: which she wated form mus was nether our flowrs nor aur frans but just ar youth | actual is: what she wanted from us was neither our flowers nor our francs but just our youth.
Prediction is: there is nothing eltse that look so jally | actual is: there is nothing else that looks so jolly.
Prediction is: do noti tho ham so soryd to herit howted hor soneturne out | actual is: do not i though i am so sorry to hear it how did her son turn out.
Prediction is: i shuldnever hav asked you iaf mowli had been here for i remember you do not like nglish cokery | actual is: i should never have asked you if molly had been here for i remember you do not like english cookery.
Prediction is: he felt ta trumor rone thrwghthe slunder elow figure ant frot of him | actual is: he felt a tremor run through the slender yellow figure in front of him.
Prediction is: it was very joliy he murment lazilly as mere recame an to take away the cofy | actual is: it was very jolly he murmured lazily as marie came in to take away the coffee.
Prediction is: i think we did she hanswed to merily | actual is: i think we did she answered demurely.
Prediction is: for long time le the hildan nor bartly spok | actual is: for a long time neither hilda nor bartley spoke.
Prediction is: i hae at had a chance yet to tell you whad a joly little place i think thises | actual is: i have not had a chance yet to tell you what a jolly little place i think this is.
Prediction is: they ae al skutchis made abut the thil a desti you see | actual is: they are all sketches made about the villa deste you see.
Prediction is: bat lelin over her shoulder without touching or and whis spered in her er yo warkeving me achance yes | actual is: bartley leaned over her shoulder without touching her and whispered in her ear you are giving me a chance yes.
Prediction is: hav yu ben impars much these lay ears | actual is: have you been in paris much these late years.
Prediction is: there ar fewchangees in the old quarter | actual is: there are few changes in the old quarter.
Prediction is: it is not proticulaly wheare she said but some of it was my mothers | actual is: it is not particularly rare she said but some of it was my mother is.
Prediction is: elex anter cluenched the two hands ot his sides | actual is: alexander unclenched the two hands at his sides.
Prediction is: hildert was verynize to him and he sa n the eddiis chaire flushed with his conversatioal effeorts and woing is chan about nervousely over is hig color | actual is: hilda was very nice to him and he sat on the edge of his chair flushed with his conversational efforts and moving his chin about nervously over his high collar.
Prediction is: they asd hime to come to se them an chelsy and hay s pok very tenderly ofe hilda | actual is: they asked him to come to see them in chelsea and they spoke very tenderly of hilda.
Prediction is: ore haire a still like flacks and her bleys er just like obaties and she has the same three fricles on her little nose ant talksb going back to erban o ter | actual is: her hair is still like flax and her blue eyes are just like a baby is and she has the same three freckles on her little nose and talks about going back to her bains de mer.
Prediction is: he ens esh foit it to the frinch baskit t a flors ov wish they had mae apleniple fo astion to grepbi rivel oelyyun princes the franch in return invie the ingles to a super which was to be geven the leks day | actual is: the english forwarded to the french baskets of flowers of which they had made a plentiful provision to greet the arrival of the young princess the french in return invited the english to a supper which was to be given the next day.
Prediction is: hen gragulations were pored hamn upon the pinces everywered doing her journy | actual is: congratulations were poured in upon the princess everywhere during her journey.
Prediction is: this has ind ben a herressing day continue the yung man his eisfixed upon his frend | actual is: this has indeed been a harassing day continued the young man his eyes fixed upon his friend.
Prediction is: but in this fily pressers wecd do teke them mnothes agitation f a gre inter no conflit | actual is: but in this friendly pressure raoul could detect the nervous agitation of a great internal conflict.
Prediction is: yoesi ne rupose many things hae atitated beto dae bo in liined and body when ne retuntomil i shall kno longer bethe sam min | actual is: yes i need repose many things have agitated me to day both in mind and body when you return to morrow i shall no longer be the same man.
Prediction is: you will be frank with me oowes a | actual is: you will be frank with me i always am.
Prediction is: cin you magin mid bucking him has been so filin t asu spect | actual is: can you imagine why buckingham has been so violent i suspect.
Prediction is: from the respect pain her  on all sids she semed like a cuen and foly padorration whith which she wastreated by two or thre she appeared an ojet of worsh bhut cuen mother gaved the french the most effectionat resetion flience was rernat eof cuntry and she had suffer two luth an happing asind ion lan for einglan to have made her forgat francs | actual is: from the respect paid her on all sides she seemed like a queen and from the adoration with which she was treated by two or three she appeared an object of worship the queen mother gave the french the most affectionate reception france was her native country and she had suffered too much unhappiness in england for england to have made her forget france.
Prediction is: then igt was clar starlit and splondid that tempis hat past away an the set inplunces of thi ivgnin had res stord lovfe pece andsecurity everywhere | actual is: the night was clear starlit and splendid the tempest had passed away and the sweet influences of the evening had restored life peace and security everywhere.
Prediction is: bey cont had tloin himself back on hous se anling his shodres agas the partition of the tent and re nam thus his space aryd in his hands withhading chast and reslas lims | actual is: the count had thrown himself back on his seat leaning his shoulders against the partition of the tent and remained thus his face buried in his hands with heaving chest and restless limbs.
Prediction is: a pan t ha lard xquare in font of the ho to the shados o bhetens inececed by the gold in mnen dems formd es it wer a huge mosate afject in yellow flagkstones | actual is: upon the large square in front of the hotel the shadows of the tents intersected by the golden moonbeams formed as it were a huge mosaic of jet and yellow flagstones.
Prediction is: i am conpense ov han  sii said bhe count | actual is: i am convinced of what i say said the count.
Prediction is: braga on ashed for sume time the condect ut the to luvers lisen to the louwd an isivla stlombers of men acand who stlain as impesely as thoe he was wing his bon go istaf his filet sot | actual is: bragelonne watched for some time the conduct of the two lovers listened to the loud and uncivil slumbers of manicamp who snored as imperiously as though he was wearing his blue and gold instead of his violet suit.
Prediction is: i can pferceve love clel d unus | actual is: i can perceive love clearly enough.
Prediction is: it is innoincs theng | actual is: it is annoyance then.
Prediction is: it is e wromas daken raw i have rid is distressing his ees ind his every gester an ction a hole ay | actual is: it is you who are mistaken raoul i have read his distress in his eyes in his every gesture and action the whole day.
Prediction is: she tow her daughter tane by her alln affection for it that lov for a cuntry where they had bot been ha spitably rered and where wilian futur opend for them | actual is: she taught her daughter then by her own affection for it that love for a country where they had both been hospitably received and where a brilliant future opened before them.
Prediction is: thes it is that the oneraf the ried ou sied or cuntrey ar lasters and or omn | actual is: thus it is that the honor of three is saved our country is our master is and our own.
Prediction is: in thos very termes i even hadid wr | actual is: in those very terms i even added more.
Prediction is: concor returnd wis place mmits titens | actual is: concord returned to its place amidst the tents.
Prediction is: bludt continued roe not intropted by hise momen of his frind ha en be prase the fencghd who ar pen nolse to be tholasin indescreet reckless even are capbabpoa brein a colmed in seli getnet ti bal latters of such high inportens | actual is: but continued raoul not interrupted by this movement of his friend heaven be praised the french who are pronounced to be thoughtless and indiscreet reckless even are capable of bringing a calm and sound judgment to bear on matters of such high importance.
Prediction is: the tween brother did something she die lik and she tund his pactur to the lol | actual is: the twin brother did something she did not like and she turned his picture to the wall.
Prediction is: but joliecs had not been licining alat ons she pot onercand o onth table and faced her compange | actual is: but joyce had not been listening all at once she put down her candle on the table and faced her companion.
Prediction is:  surfase tus at leas hat ben alod and the fine old ferneactar gae a hint of ith real elagans and polersh | actual is: surface dust at least had been removed and the fine old furniture gave a hint of its real elegance and polish.
Prediction is: they were cetly na nea thecelition of their pribl | actual is: they were certainly no nearer the solution of their problem.
Prediction is: dose supposedthe mature was a compi of the same thing | actual is: do you suppose the miniature was a copy of the same thing.
Prediction is: hers happin to be on th same ran to but she evidetely den caerabout it | actual is: hers happened to be in the same frame too but she evidently did not care about that.
Prediction is:  the pore litl flis crit simpia thingk of them having been tundo the wall oll te fers | actual is: the poor little things cried cynthia think of them having been turned to the wall all these years.
Prediction is: sundliy ma hous pluning parfomarlya int theselea window on observed that afternow prod nmol easy tasd for sipia had added a wis bo and dust an to the obsret | actual is: smuggling the house cleaning paraphernalia into the cellar window unobserved that afternoon proved no easy task for cynthia had added a whisk broom and dust pan to the outfit.
Prediction is: o lhet im com a long she erge dik do loved to see him about tut old houls | actual is: oh let him come along she urged i do love to see him about that old house.
Prediction is: no what is te sens o ert che asip banies like that | actual is: now what was the sense of it two innocent babies like that.
Prediction is: forgiting all their werines ty see mhecanles estui de te howsepinting onaccasinal paper tuk dte way in so oporner | actual is: forgetting all their weariness they seized their candles and scurried through the house finding an occasional paper tucked away in some odd corner.
Prediction is: wher i the wi is i clueri jhoice | actual is: what in the world is that queried joyce.
Prediction is: i a lower prove to luch for om any cameg sporting after a aspristly as a young kien much sha sinppe s telighte won she cad sit of him | actual is: the lure proved too much for him and he came sporting after it as friskily as a young kitten much to cynthia is delight when she caught sight of him.
Prediction is: mellitis dust the fertere of pecturs | actual is: now let us dust the furniture and pictures.
Prediction is: i thougt we were stomped again when a fir sotot pir cher but i spen of sous af terwall | actual is: i thought we were stumped again when i first saw that picture but it is been of some use after all.
Prediction is: bana she somele rearked | actual is: then she suddenly remarked.
Prediction is: it chet herd an ything an suree for we blt distorf tings a al | actual is: it can not hurt anything i am sure for we will not disturb things at all.
Prediction is: e yet lile as it was it had arrady made of fast difference in the aspeced up the room | actual is: yet little as it was it had already made a vast difference in the aspect of the room.
Prediction is: ne wore n be teriblyng a esides undlike to see what his lovely hurniture oxcite wha out such aark to des o tus tolover it to itxceme seme | actual is: they worry me terribly and besides i would like to see what this lovely furniture looks like without such quantities of dust all over it good scheme cyn.
Prediction is: now whe had you dose siitpis brod | actual is: now what have you to say cynthia sprague.
Prediction is:  ge liouf  makes unnother discovory | actual is: goliath makes another discovery.
Prediction is: the stot however did not enter the heads of the inpusiast pair | actual is: this thought however did not enter the heads of the enthusiastic pair.
Prediction is: well an contise that the bortedt apphouse mistry shappind not er alear than ape sixtet det ten sexty lon and pro ble not much letr | actual is: well i am convinced that the boarded up house mystery happened not earlier than april sixteenth eighteen sixty one and probably not much later.
Prediction is: wiosommin hats after neang with old close on an hafen ritig ar houscleaenn | actual is: we will come in here this afternoon with old clothes on and have a regular house cleaning.
Prediction is: i that he tha gretes wor bteainto o pcorners | actual is: is not he the greatest for getting into odd corners.
Prediction is: he maket it sort oe cos ir | actual is: he makes it sort of cozier.
Prediction is: they say a llination by camllitees thepreeus than the world | actual is: they say illumination by candle light is the prettiest in the world.
Prediction is: wl it co my an tatse usa tet both cried pearingin | actual is: why it is goliath as usual they both cried peering in.
Prediction is: thand mi poncket loniy is itni low agaon and you hae it any lagfed as usual | actual is: and my pocket money is getting low again and you have not any left as usual.
Prediction is: i had scarcele kno whor i had ben say o doing up to this time byt as he spoke a lovk dey and | actual is: i had scarcely known what i had been saying or doing up to this time but as he spoke i looked at my hand.
Prediction is: the stoy of is vl influencs cne bac to e and in mi be weldrd condition i wonded whether thir was not som troh in wha had been sad | actual is: the story of its evil influence came back to me and in my bewildered condition i wondered whether there was not some truth in what had been said.
Prediction is: wou chare pace ob somching from the ground and look dot it | actual is: voltaire picked up something from the ground and looked at it.
Prediction is: nothing more not evin them wih too wich i mie btached | actual is: nothing more not even the wrist to which it might be attached.
Prediction is: a feli of frethem and i was awa where | actual is: a feeling of freedom and i was awake where.
Prediction is: but datis caffers life | actual is: but that is kaffar is knife.
Prediction is: i knowiy ha t this vee | actual is: i know he had it this very evening.
Prediction is: it di not backe or in dee we that al in was a stil as the hand of dash | actual is: it did not beckon or indeed move at all it was as still as the hand of death.
Prediction is: my position was too telida | actual is: my position was too terrible.
Prediction is: an ur said at distint voice | actual is: onward said a distant voice.
Prediction is: ia riberd sang hav wet ben tegeother | actual is: i remember saying have we been together.
Prediction is: i wo to concgeusnes fihting hat furset his seed as if i was fiding withthe fantom bu grag of e yopponit became moe realto ne i was caaher | actual is: i awoke to consciousness fighting at first it seemed as if i was fighting with a phantom but gradually my opponent became more real to me it was kaffar.
Prediction is: i had agan dan acting unty on fuets of this van is phower | actual is: i had again been acting under the influence of this man is power.
Prediction is: i head a noiys behined itured and saw cafer he s pblac iys simning  will in his hand y howd at gesanang nife he lifted i abot his head as ifto strikt byt a had the strenkt of ten man and i hold him sfomy | actual is: i heard a noise behind i turned and saw kaffar his black eyes shining while in his hand he held a gleaming knife he lifted it above his head as if to strike but i had the strength of ten men and i hurled him from me.
Prediction is: mieton o r fsed to a tiulyt my phour of spech lafdt me | actual is: my tongue refused to articulate my power of speech left me.
Prediction is: in the lieof the mlo i son nife  rad with blod and myt han too was aso dis coler | actual is: in the light of the moon i saw a knife red with blood and my hand too was also discoloured.
Prediction is: for som hive after tho i reetemted o noting tistditly | actual is: for some time after that i remembered nothing distinctly.
Prediction is: id do not no am dased be will derd | actual is: i do not know i am dazed bewildered.
Prediction is: a sound a voices a flash of lighte | actual is: a sound of voices a flash of light.
Prediction is: said in oti voyce wichorecking niesi fal cors caser | actual is: said another voice which i recognized as voltaire is kaffar.
Prediction is: porchance too  caafers dat lit see ham in good sted | actual is: perchance too kaffar is death might serve him in good stead.
Prediction is: one than i h an hand loagi shaply ap peardisinfl n le serfis of tepond | actual is: what then a human hand large and shapely appeared distinctly on the surface of the pond.
Prediction is: at teble fhought flash in to my lined | actual is: a terrible thought flashed into my mind.
Prediction is: what was that | actual is: what was that.
Prediction is: no sone brot tis stolas of the ligtt | actual is: no sound broke the stillness of the night.
Prediction is: i say you do o wat this mens and you must thell use | actual is: i say you do know what this means and you must tell us.
Prediction is:  la words were spodin no lang gwoich was uterd save downt of way lingin hissing and that some how was indistinte as iffor the xisted in fancy andnon inreality | actual is: no words were spoken no language was uttered save that of wailing and hissing and that somehow was indistinct as if it existed in fancy and not in reality.
Prediction is: my over rotor he iat last | actual is: my overwrought nerves yielded at last.
Prediction is: the sight sears returnd an hig spirits from the citty | actual is: the sight seers returned in high spirits from the city.
Prediction is: is te going to the early meaening roth asked whon of the girels | actual is: is thee going to the yearly meeting ruth asked one of the girls.
Prediction is: i heard father tell causin avner that he was wip so aten for wisling when he was a boy that he was determind to have wet compensationhe ould get now | actual is: i heard father tell cousin abner that he was whipped so often for whistling when he was a boy that he was determined to have what compensation he could get now.
Prediction is: mother i am goingd to saity meicint | actual is: mother i am going to study medicine.
Prediction is: but neter sane tor rard nor brod street nether wonders of the nent nor the glories of the hal wit the gost of ou father  sit alway sining the decaration ind presd te visiters so much as the splunders of the chest that treet windos and the bargens on at treet | actual is: but neither saint girard nor broad street neither wonders of the mint nor the glories of the hall where the ghosts of our fathers sit always signing the declaration impressed the visitors so much as the splendors of the chestnut street windows and the bargains on eighth street.
Prediction is: oas dea think be couldtadet six monts | actual is: does thee think thee could stand it six months.
Prediction is: di i way s greatly triy roth and al hi relations | actual is: thy ways greatly try me ruth and all thy relations.
Prediction is: e sutdy mtisin | actual is: thee study medicine.
Prediction is: i will praccostat | actual is: i will practice it.
Prediction is: marcrt ultin all most lost for a momet er had vitualcocitity | actual is: margaret bolton almost lost for a moment her habitual placidity.
Prediction is: it has occupied mother a wong time to fied at the shops te exsac shage or her now bonn it | actual is: it has occupied mother a long time to find at the shops the exact shade for her new bonnet.
Prediction is: she was tired o other things | actual is: she was tired of other things.
Prediction is: as the consulted dby mother abot a corer i suppose it is at rear of the wance | actual is: has thee consulted thy mother about a career i suppose it is a career thee wants.
Prediction is: i have not asked him reith replied with a look that might imply that she was one of those d termined wittle bodees o first made up her on mind and then coumpeled others to make a theres nd accordence with herrs | actual is: i have not asked him ruth replied with a look that might imply that she was one of those determined little bodies who first made up her own mind and then compelled others to make up theirs in accordance with hers.
Prediction is: it bi go to meding it all i like best te sitinthe quie old houvese injemen town wor the windows ere all operend ain i can ee the trees and here the terof reves | actual is: if i go to meeting at all i like best to sit in the quiet old house in germantown where the windows are all open and i can see the trees and hear the stir of the leaves.
Prediction is: i have nothing to wheare replie ut ti meer person | actual is: i have nothing to wear replied that demure person.
Prediction is: is thi father rwiling the should go wa t a scol of the wildis people | actual is: is thy father willing thee should go away to a school of the world is people.
Prediction is: father at the is unjusto thilupt he is going into bisiness | actual is: father thee is unjust to philip he is going into business.
Prediction is:  it icaneduppatiens | actual is: if i can get patients.
Prediction is: but tht wis ind passed woman understood the speet ruble a great dill better than reuse understad herself | actual is: but that wise and placid woman understood the sweet rebel a great deal better than ruth understood herself.
Prediction is: he dous no say  sactly what i dis said ruth aritl do biously bu it something about rand and ral rods and te knose father anfortnser made noboty now is exactly how and anew country | actual is: he does not say exactly what it is said ruth a little dubiously but it is something about land and railroads and thee knows father that fortunes are made nobody knows exactly how in a new country.
Prediction is: wers de and difamly ar know | actual is: where thee and thy family are known.
Prediction is: wo mother said the youngstudent looking nap wot the shate of impatience | actual is: well mother said the young student looking up with a shade of impatience.
Prediction is: but aboks whominur putin to mesured for it and putting yong if te go  anywhere its in a bo veld ad peniond and shut in bydisibilitis | actual is: what a box women are put into measured for it and put in young if we go anywhere it is in a box veiled and pinioned and shut in by disabilities.
Prediction is: there certainly was now in to tet and evend ruth was fil delfty in anagh to belive that a street out not ohave anhy end or arcitec drl bot upone which the weary e coud rest | actual is: there certainly was no end to it and even ruth was philadelphian enough to believe that a street ought not to have any end or architectural point upon which the weary eye could rest.
Prediction is: and be woltgo  by should i | actual is: and thee will not go why should i.
Prediction is: roth was glad to here that thillp phadmade ed plusion to the world and she was sur that his tallent and courage would make away for him | actual is: ruth was glad to hear that philip had made a push into the world and she was sure that his talent and courage would make a way for him.
Prediction is: bat fil of his eyet and he as howt enagh if hepile stopscrebling to make his wa | actual is: but philip is honest and he has talent enough if he will stop scribbling to make his way.
Prediction is: it such accrashed the yearley meaeding ad arc street and dan ders the ro of sleak looking young menwho lyin the curbps ton insaritus as wecone out | actual is: it is such a crush at the yearly meeting at arch street and then there is the row of sleek looking young men who line the curbstone and stare at us as we come out.
Prediction is: an then there was brod sreet | actual is: and then there was broad street.
Prediction is: she tried this morning and aror to upon the penel saying ecimpble song an a seet butexslitly metalic voice and thenseeting herself bythe opene window redtll ofspletter | actual is: she tried this morning an air or two upon the piano sang a simple song in a sweet but slightly metallic voice and then seating herself by the open window read philip is letter.
Prediction is: why shoul i rus and de stupid and sit in inaction becaus he am a corall | actual is: why should i rust and be stupid and sit in inaction because i am a girl.
Prediction is: routh asked the entusious if they were by to liband such a sounding mozely am with its great hals and ecqlyn ros and no comtrible placin it for theecomidation af any bydy | actual is: ruth asked the enthusiasts if they would like to live in such a sounding mausoleum with its great halls and echoing rooms and no comfortable place in it for the accommodation of any body.
Prediction is:  i hope betold tho elders that father an ireresponsebe for the canno and that much as dhe lup is mesic bhe is never in the roomwhen it is plaed | actual is: i hope thee told the elders that father and i are responsible for the piano and that much as thee loves music thee is never in the room when it is played.
Prediction is: and if i had a fortun would bhe ant me to liead a usal slife | actual is: and if i had a fortune would thee want me to lead a useless life.
Prediction is: rut that quite still for a time with face intent and flush t it was out now | actual is: ruth sat quite still for a time with face intent and flushed it was out now.
Prediction is: is he going osar od daly newse paper among the kick pos | actual is: is he going to start a daily newspaper among the kick a poos.
Prediction is: and bhe sides supose de dusupard lat a sen | actual is: and besides suppose thee does learn medicine.
Prediction is: it as not say bae it s on the frenter and on the maph everything the yond his marked indiens and deser and wooks as deslet as a won same meeding wished it was time for hem to dou something | actual is: he does not say but it is on the frontier and on the map everything beyond it is marked indians and desert and looks as desolate as a wednesday meeting humph it was time for him to do something.
Prediction is: ho was a fra t was near howm | actual is: i was afraid it was nearer home.
Prediction is: sometimes he hought ho wou licke to sand and a conspicious pofit and humbly preace the gosle of rerpentence and it even crosses mind that it would be noble the give himself to amitiounary life to some benited reacgon wer the dat pom broos and tha nighten gils voice is inton and the bobol sings on the ofnights | actual is: sometimes he thought he would like to stand in a conspicuous pulpit and humbly preach the gospel of repentance and it even crossed his mind that it would be noble to give himself to a missionary life to some benighted region where the date palm grows and the nightingale is voice is in tune and the bul bul sings on the off nights.
Prediction is: it is such an nobl ambition that it is a piy it hus usly such a shallow ondation | actual is: it is such a noble ambition that it is a pity it has usually such a shallow foundation.
Prediction is: istill a did iford it and he roat thanking its frience and eclining becaus he saiddhe bliticaleskeme whith fil and hought to fill | actual is: but philip did afford it and he wrote thanking his friends and declining because he said the political scheme would fail and ought to fail.
Prediction is: yoll never digeit out of the aster wibury | actual is: you will never dig it out of the astor library.
Prediction is: and he went back to his books and to his waiting for n opening largenegperssding ifide enterance nd the litterary wirld | actual is: and he went back to his books and to his waiting for an opening large enough for his dignified entrance into the literary world.
Prediction is: he has notreditions to bind him or guid him and his impuls insto breake away rm the ocupation his father hs bollod and makckan new way for himself | actual is: he has no traditions to bind him or guide him and his impulse is to break away from the occupation his father has followed and make a new way for himself.
Prediction is: thilgh of theire for a redduligetly ind the aster libary plaand literry works that should conpellitencion and nerset his genieus | actual is: philip therefore read diligently in the astor library planned literary works that should compel attention and nursed his genius.
Prediction is: lassim to hem well ang at as a siens but he never could discover apacibale cae wer ed appeared to him lorth whiled to go to loc and al the cliens wo stop with this nuwcler and the anty broom of the lopes wer he was riding tho op nveriably itvie to setdl no matter how but settl reatly to the discusts if his anplyr you knw that justics betweeng man and man could only be atand by the reckin is proseces with the iceneteas | actual is: law seemed to him well enough as a science but he never could discover a practical case where it appeared to him worth while to go to law and all the clients who stopped with this new clerk in the ante room of the law office where he was writing philip invariably advised to settle no matter how but settle greatly to the disgust of his employer who knew that justice between man and man could only be attained by the recognized processes with the attendant fees.
Prediction is: qhies and misery somehere on the fruntir i thingldgat a mat | actual is: why it is in missouri somewhere on the frontier i think we will get a map.
Prediction is: overy well said gring out turning away with a shat of contenmpt  till fined if you are going in to litter jurin nes pipe work that  you cat a for a consouncs like that | actual is: o very well said gringo turning away with a shade of contempt you will find if you are going into literature and newspaper work that you can not afford a conscience like that.
Prediction is: he was unable to the sie edxactly which be | actual is: he was unable to decide exactly what it should be.
Prediction is: you can begin by caring arod and pring down the fhigurs | actual is: you can begin by carrying a rod and putting down the figures.
Prediction is:  the to youngmenwo were by this time full of the advinture went down to the walstret offis of hinrysuncle and had a talk withaut wily opprater | actual is: the two young men who were by this time full of the adventure went down to the wall street office of henry is uncle and had a talk with that wily operator.
Prediction is: he wanie to begain at the top of the wlatter | actual is: he wanted to begin at the top of the ladder.
Prediction is:  the mot is felow would ave wike fan trust upon him for some wer thy atchetmen it might me for a book or for the skilful managemet of some gratneis paper or fr some daring axpidition like that of whic tin it stran or docper came | actual is: the modest fellow would have liked fame thrust upon him for some worthy achievement it might be for a book or for the skillful management of some great newspaper or for some daring expedition like that of lieutenant strain or doctor kane.
Prediction is: he new was uncle wilel be gld to hearf that he had at last her is thoughts to e pracctical matter | actual is: he knew his uncle would be glad to hear that he had at last turned his thoughts to a practical matter.
Prediction is: well i an going as nengner ou could go as one | actual is: well i am going as an engineer you can go as one.
Prediction is: to the youngamerican here ore elsewhere the pot su fortun ourag umorble ad all open thereris onvitation in the air and sucest in all his wide hrizson | actual is: to the young american here or elsewhere the paths to fortune are innumerable and all open there is invitation in the air and success in all his wide horizon.
Prediction is: he had no friend wis not to tell him toset into the doring caonvincion an insession may eha scech of the min and women on the platform and take to the editer of the dealy great fine and see whach iul gent a line for it | actual is: he had no friend wise enough to tell him to step into the dorking convention then in session make a sketch of the men and women on the platform and take it to the editor of the daily grapevine and see what he could get a line for it.
Prediction is: not whulh toghctou son | actual is: no its not too soon.
Prediction is: he will new the parls of the frunt her the saved staete of thecity alorking an eanins of the dagers of feager | actual is: he well knew the perils of the frontier the savage state of society the lurking indians and the dangers of fever.
Prediction is: the night was spent in packing up in rigding letters for fill ip would not take such n importain step ithout informing his friencs | actual is: the night was spent in packing up and writing letters for philip would not take such an important step without informing his friends.
Prediction is: ad morotiy te gowany where for six mons | actual is: i have been ready to go anywhere for six months.
Prediction is: the world brans this a prnicious dotron | actual is: the world brands this a pernicious doctrine.
Prediction is: and al the breat rim which are listen | actual is: and all the brethren which are with me.
Prediction is: the satitur is univerctl and prortitully developtin thosewho consiver themsels bat of anothers | actual is: this attitude is universal and particularly developed in those who consider themselves better than others.
Prediction is: however the grace an piece of god wil | actual is: however the grace and peace of god will.
Prediction is: this abituede springe rm afals conseption of sin the conseption a san as a small matter esely ticmn caro bygood works thut we must presen orselson to go witha good conscionce thot woe must feel kno sin before tme feel t a crice was given for arsens | actual is: this attitude springs from a false conception of sin the conception that sin is a small matter easily taken care of by good works that we must present ourselves unto god with a good conscience that we must feel no sin before we may feel that christ was given for our sins.
Prediction is: did not criced himself say i amdthe way ind the truth in the life no man come t thunto the father bu by me | actual is: did not christ himself say i am the way and the truth and the life no man cometh unto the father but by me.
Prediction is: when you are you about the netur f go aparte fion the quession of justification you may bhe as perfound as ye like | actual is: when you argue about the nature of god apart from the question of justification you may be as profound as you like.
Prediction is: pastixtrestem | actual is: paul sticks to his theme.
Prediction is: be calle was not so bo taken lightly | actual is: the call is not to be taken lightly.
Prediction is: his shu go farand sheding the mou so he falsuposense | actual is: this should go far in shutting the mouths of the false apostles.
Prediction is: against thes bost in fals upossels pal bodle defence his ap astelic athorty an minisrye | actual is: against these boasting false apostles paul boldly defends his apostolic authority and ministry.
Prediction is: as the inbester of a govermen is onent forhis office and nout for s prii person so the maniserof crise shoul exulte his ofice an ordit stogane a thorty among men | actual is: as the ambassador of a government is honored for his office and not for his private person so the minister of christ should exalt his office in order to gain authority among men.
Prediction is: tdo you suppose the god fom the sake of a fe wo horin heritics wue tdesoen his intire shurch | actual is: do you suppose that god for the sake of a few lutheran heretics would disown his entire church.
Prediction is: wa d tenotinvaed the cahte promnces an creached thei dorklren to god mis princes thei ships and docters as we had dome y the helpe of god | actual is: why do they not invade the catholic provinces and preach their doctrine to godless princes bishops and doctors as we have done by the help of god.
Prediction is: we looked for that rewar which i have not seen nor ear heard eter have entered into the hart of man | actual is: we look for that reward which eye hath not seen nor ear heard neither hath entered into the heart of man.
Prediction is: but the real significance in comfort of the words for our sins is lost uponmhe | actual is: but the real significance and comfort of the words for our sins is lost upon them.
Prediction is: they re mane dovind regarmess and mens opa | actual is: they remain divine regardless of men is opinion.
Prediction is: first two | actual is: verse two.
Prediction is: the vicious caracter of sin is grot out by the words who gave himself for ar sence | actual is: the vicious character of sin is brought out by the words who gave himself for our sins.
Prediction is: bhe greitig of the appossls refresshion | actual is: the greeting of the apostle is refreshing.
Prediction is: the most the conclain is at therewere semt y others | actual is: the most they could claim is that they were sent by others.
Prediction is: et hof he caled m inaters trogh the agen cy of men or  calse them directly as he cale the profits in e possles | actual is: either he calls ministers through the agency of men or he calls them directly as he called the prophets and apostles.
Prediction is: palltics prined his minisry not to his own prise but to the praceof god | actual is: paul takes pride in his ministry not to his own praise but to the praise of god.
Prediction is: experrents prosness | actual is: experience proves this.
Prediction is: ma hammit also spetily of crise | actual is: mohammed also speaks highly of christ.
Prediction is: how maye we abtaine remisionofver sins | actual is: how may we obtain remission of our sins.
Prediction is: in never way they soght under min ethorty of seempal | actual is: in every way they sought to undermine the authority of saint paul.
Prediction is: underscore thes words forthei ar fol of comfort fo sor conscioncs | actual is: underscore these words for they are full of comfort for sore consciences.
Prediction is: i did not then realize th imponce of the minstri | actual is: i did not then realize the importance of the ministry.
Prediction is: since crice was given for aur seons astance to reason it they calnot be put away by arowneffernts | actual is: since christ was given for our sins it stands to reason that they cannot be put away by our own efforts.
Prediction is: somuch for the tetle of the apistl now fallows the greading ofthe apossiln bursthri | actual is: so much for the title of the epistle now follows the greeting of the apostle verse three.
Prediction is: the turms a gracean pieace ore comonturns hot pall and arenow petty well onyerestood | actual is: the terms of grace and peace are common terms with paul and are now pretty well understood.
Prediction is: pall and a possl not of men it sedera | actual is: paul an apostle not of men et cetera.
Prediction is: grace be two you ind peace from gou the father n frmo morgesus crest | actual is: grace be to you and peace from god the father and from our lord jesus christ.
Prediction is: he came down to earth live among men suffered was cusifid and they he did standing clearly before usso thator heartsand eyes me fassand upon him | actual is: he came down to earth lived among men suffered was crucified and then he died standing clearly before us so that our hearts and eyes may fasten upon him.
Prediction is: not allbe gillations had become prervurded | actual is: not all the galatians had become perverted.
Prediction is: was iat not anough to say from god the father | actual is: was it not enough to say from god the father.
Prediction is: he mensin as the  poscels first becas they repini drected by god | actual is: he mentions the apostles first because they were appointed directly by god.
Prediction is: we think hat by some little work omerat wecng smessn | actual is: we think that by some little work or merit we can dismiss sin.
Prediction is: to do so as tolose got altstogether because god becomes intorable when he seet e measur n to comperhand desemfin i magisty | actual is: to do so is to lose god altogether because god becomes intolerable when we seek to measure and to comprehend his infinite majesty.
Prediction is: for person te posesst noldge es not enough | actual is: for a person to possess knowledge is not enough.
Prediction is: not god her sover or pasial lams r an egal but himselfes what for | actual is: not gold or silver or paschal lambs or an angel but himself what for.
Prediction is: in brace him and forget about han nature fgod | actual is: embrace him and forget about the nature of god.
Prediction is: calking waitern his benehus | actual is: paul came later and is beneath us.
Prediction is: in go the father who raced hom fromhe ded | actual is: and god the father who raised him from the dead.
Prediction is: they do no go would ennems of the gospl prdomimnin theygover the curistions ar | actual is: they do not go where the enemies of the gospel predominate they go where the christians are.
Prediction is: te classing supervilless on firt sinhd | actual is: the clause seems superfluous on first sight.
Prediction is: painsers the man h was nen jhesus criset and the son o god gave himself fro ar sence | actual is: paul answers the man who is named jesus christ and the son of god gave himself for our sins.
Prediction is: he chised is very god is apparent in the palescribes t him de vine powers equaly with tha father as for instance the powerd of the spens graceand pease | actual is: that christ is very god is apparent in that paul ascribes to him divine powers equally with the father as for instance the power to dispense grace and peace.
Prediction is: wherever the means o graceer found there as the whole church eve kno ante crost raons ther | actual is: wherever the means of grace are found there is the holy church even though antichrist reigns there.
Prediction is: the greatns of the ransome crice  some ogod in tecates thes | actual is: the greatness of the ransom christ the son of god indicates this.
Prediction is: thisis no senful pribe it is foled trid | actual is: this is no sinful pride it is holy pride.
Prediction is: fall the clars at the fallsupossls were calber sen eter by men mor by man | actual is: paul declares that the false apostles were called or sent neither by men nor by man.
Prediction is: bu we ar carless ou make lighe of sin | actual is: but we are careless we make light of sin.
Prediction is: ind this hole piscl calltrets of the resrection of hrist | actual is: in this whole epistle paul treats of the resurrection of christ.
Prediction is: although the red in wif te annot aposses ake myself yet theyre all one mind with en tink right inteachas ido | actual is: although the brethren with me are not apostles like myself yet they are all of one mind with me think write and teach as i do.
Prediction is: indeed he persecuted the chuch acrise for a mong time | actual is: indeed he persecuted the church of christ for a long time.
Prediction is: on th other hand weare not to regard than the so teriable that  must dispar | actual is: on the other hand we are not to regard them as so terrible that we must despair.
Prediction is: this passige then there s ut the factat all man ar soldmen der sin | actual is: this passage then bears out the fact that all men are sold under sin.
Prediction is: othe was pasioed of britn prace from go the father and pece from or ord jesus cris | actual is: otherwise paul should have written grace from god the father and peace from our lord jesus christ.
Prediction is: men should not speculyte about the natur of don | actual is: men should not speculate about the nature of god.
Prediction is: we are to her crise to as benen appointed by the father as ar devin techurn | actual is: we are to hear christ who has been appointed by the father as our divine teacher.
Prediction is: he never wosessigde of the purposif isipiselt | actual is: he never loses sight of the purpose of his epistle.
Prediction is: by his resirection crise one te victri over la semmn flesh woreld debl desh hel and every evil | actual is: by his resurrection christ won the victory over law sin flesh world devil death hell and every evil.
Prediction is: these maas cannot be conteminin | actual is: these means cannot be contaminated.
Prediction is: he was the last to turnd e crist | actual is: he was the last to turn to christ.
Prediction is: to e sto peacing gracelis n the probence of god who relog comcreate his plessens the angels cannodt | actual is: to bestow peace and grace lies in the province of god who alone can create these blessings the angels cannot.
Prediction is: at the same time palkcn forms or creed that criced his verygod | actual is: at the same time paul confirms our creed that christ is very god.
Prediction is: in me nothing of he doc rn of fae because ro re tatse so estreem taid a certainty and noberty understood spircabostin | actual is: i knew nothing of the doctrine of faith because we were taught sophistry instead of certainty and nobody understood spiritual boasting.
Prediction is: not for crown wer king them orr goodness befor sins | actual is: not for a crown or a kingdom or our goodness but for our sins.
Prediction is: grace an bals theuumistion of sins piece and a happyconstionce | actual is: grace involves the remission of sins peace and a happy conscience.
Prediction is: they seidto th goations yo have no right to think hirliy of pall | actual is: they said to the galatians you have no right to think highly of paul.
Prediction is: bund i was he young man i thought tall was makng to much o his call | actual is: when i was a young man i thought paul was making too much of his call.
Prediction is: thiscentance alsi ta finds aur sens as great so greatin fact tat the whole world could not make amans for  simgale son | actual is: this sentence also defines our sins as great so great in fact that the whole world could not make amends for a single sin.
Prediction is: his spoiles one is best work | actual is: it spoils one is best work.
Prediction is: these provartrs of the richness ofcris resist the father and th son and the works of them both | actual is: these perverters of the righteousness of christ resist the father and the son and the works of them both.
Prediction is: te arions to crice for nobloin perfaccreatere supuriar evento the ngels because by him god creatod heavin anerh | actual is: the arians took christ for a noble and perfect creature superior even to the angels because by him god created heaven and earth.
Prediction is: o worgh id now be seid about the orgin of lether s comonter engelitions | actual is: a word should now be said about the origin of luther is commentary on galatians.
Prediction is: te under taking which seem so atractov whin beud as a literary task prov the most tificult one and at times became af pressive | actual is: the undertaking which seemed so attractive when viewed as a literary task proved a most difficult one and at times became oppressive.
Prediction is: luttus begime with that his comontery ungelations | actual is: let us begin with that his commentary on galatians.
Prediction is: the word of ar god sha stand forever | actual is: the word of our god shall stand forever.
Prediction is: much later on a friend of his was peperi an adition of all his latn works he remarktd to his home circale if i had my way about it they would republish only those of my books which have doctron mygelations for instanc an | actual is: much later when a friend of his was preparing an edition of all his latin works he remarked to his home circle if i had my way about it they would republish only those of my books which have doctrine my galatians for instance.
Prediction is: the mort was given as power to teaech and to here let hime also give ust the powr to serve and to do lop too | actual is: the lord who has given us power to teach and to hear let him also give us the power to serve and to do luke two.
Prediction is: et presence like no other of luthers redings the senthral thought of qrischnbe the just ification of the cinner for the sake of crice marits long | actual is: it presents like no other of luther is writings the central thought of christianity the justification of the sinner for the sake of christ is merits alone.
Prediction is: the condition as that i wl be prormited to make lu tor talk americon streem mon him said e speek becas y lneverd et people whether in ar out sid the wuhe n church actually to rede luther and ust be makeantalk as yit would talk to day to americance | actual is: the condition is that i will be permitted to make luther talk american streamline him so to speak because you will never get people whether in or outside the lutheran church actually to read luther unless we make him talk as he would talk today to americans.
Prediction is: but the essence of luther is letures is there | actual is: but the essence of luther is lectures is there.
Prediction is: it was writemin laen | actual is: it was written in latin.
Prediction is: the wortk had to be convenced | actual is: the work had to be condensed.
Prediction is: we want you do helpe as published some leading work of tlethers fo the general amercn market whel you do it | actual is: we want you to help us publish some leading work of luther is for the general american market will you do it.
Prediction is: n other words these three men tookedon the leturs which tether a drest wiistios an the corseof gllations and rore proprared the manswript for the printer | actual is: in other words these three men took down the lectures which luther addressed to his students in the course of galatians and roerer prepared the manuscript for the printer.
Prediction is: ho te a place where aguest oftin gives up good dolos for por porters | actual is: hotel a place where a guest often gives up good dollars for poor quarters.
Prediction is: tid to a woman | actual is: tied to a woman.
Prediction is: hos manis excuse for weshing the walk | actual is: hose man is excuse for wetting the walk.
Prediction is: allso a populic an drivens wren ia lof making may besuspended bot  not stopped during the thicckeceson | actual is: also a popular contrivance whereby love making may be suspended but not stopped during the picnic season.
Prediction is: cappecrit ahorsedelor | actual is: hypocrite a horse dealer.
Prediction is: her rang n the tire som podict of atireliss terg | actual is: harangue the tiresome product of a tireless tongue.
Prediction is: house grening a de mestic upeble and hadt makes itd eazy for the government to inlest all the soldres it nes | actual is: housecleaning a domestic upheaval that makes it easy for the government to enlist all the soldiers it needs.
Prediction is: erredity the cous of all ourfallts | actual is: heredity the cause of all our faults.
Prediction is: heven ar grood place to be rased to | actual is: heaven a good place to be raised to.
Prediction is: an gor an tanfrold to her | actual is: angor pain painful to hear.
Prediction is: ha fe vhe a har truble caused by falling and love with a gres wi dar | actual is: hay fever a heart trouble caused by falling in love with a grass widow.
Prediction is: hose woman and bong ti | actual is: hussy woman and bond tie.
Prediction is: hedge af fance | actual is: hedge a fence.
Prediction is: hourse sence adegre of wistom tha keeps one from betting on the races | actual is: horse sense a degree of wisdom that keeps one from betting on the races.
Prediction is: hus bendn thenext thing to awife | actual is: husband the next thing to a wife.
Prediction is: o chis the first jiuf thlatry in my seeng and my great mined most kinly drengfit ut mind i well nos what with his gust is green and to his palet dont prepare the cup afit be poyond tot the leti fin that mine eiy luveet and dock first begin | actual is: o tis the first tis flattery in my seeing and my great mind most kingly drinks it up mine eye well knows what with his gust is greeing and to his palate doth prepare the cup if it be poison would tis the lesser sin that mine eye loves it and doth first begin.
Prediction is: you a my all the wold and i mut stryive to kno my shames and prases from yoor tone nune olts to me no e ton none a live thit mi steld sence oramges wright ol rong | actual is: you are my all the world and i must strive to know my shames and praises from your tongue none else to me nor i to none alive that my steel would sense or changes right or wrong.
Prediction is: bun reckoning time whose meondt accedinc reap in twixd vols incangse do pres of kings an sacred beuty blone to the sofestintens di vart strong mines to the corse of al trengthings alus why fering of times terony might i knot ten say now i  loveyou dest when i was serten or insertainty counning the present douting of the rest | actual is: but reckoning time whose million would accidents creep in twixt vows and change decrees of kings tan sacred beauty blunt the sharp ist intents divert strong minds to the course of altering things alas why fearing of time is tyranny might i not then say now i love you best when i was certain oer incertainty crowning the present doubting of the rest.
Prediction is: lovisa bae thin might in not sa so tbia fall groe to that which do doh grow | actual is: love is a babe then might i not say so to give full growth to that which still doth grow.
Prediction is: so i rer turn rebuped two myc intent and gane by il thr i smor then i had spent | actual is: so i return rebuk would to my content and gain by ill thrice more than i have spent.
Prediction is: my heart dof pled that thow in himn do ly aloe it never perced w ith cristal eyes but the defendint dof that twede ni and sis in him ty far apearance lie | actual is: my heart doth plead that thou in him dost lie a closet never pierc would with crystal eyes but the defendant doth that plea deny and says in him thy fair appearance lies.
Prediction is: thought kcis me that i am not thout to leve large langs of miles whene now act gon but that so much of hear and  water brouht i must a tend tkimes lesar with my mond reseving not by elemen soselo but heavy ters  badches of ithers well | actual is: thought kills me that i am not thought to leap large lengths of miles when thou art gone but that so much of earth and water wrought i must attend time is leisure with my moan receiving nought by elements so slow but heavy tears badges of either is woe.
Prediction is: those prety rongs bhat liberty canmis when i am some time abpsand from ty heart dhi beuty an y ers bull well difits for still temtation folowns weire thol art | actual is: those pretty wrongs that liberty commits when i am sometime absent from thy heart thy beauty and thy years full well befits for still temptation follows where thou art.
Prediction is: i me | actual is: ay me.
Prediction is: no matter ben allthogh lyfe focttid stand upon the fhotesd earth re moved from te fo nimble thought can jume boh se and land as soon as think the pllace where he would be buto | actual is: no matter then although my foot did stand upon the farthest earth remov would from thee for nimble thought can jump both sea and land as soon as think the place where he would be but ah.
Prediction is: she senthin epane is inquestion efor she dined | actual is: she sent me the pages in question before she died.
Prediction is: he quitted the fire andgro back into his char | actual is: he quitted the fire and dropped back into his chair.
Prediction is: scried one of he wonon he took now notoceiv her hiloodted me but as if  instat of me he sow but he spokof | actual is: cried one of the women he took no notice of her he looked at me but as if instead of me he saw what he spoke of.
Prediction is: some on els tods torig uptitulely ffective which i sal he was not following | actual is: someone else told a story not particularly effective which i saw he was not following.
Prediction is: forot if i nont now whor shee wits elobwit i nowfo khe was | actual is: well if i do not know who she was in love with i know who he was.
Prediction is: cried the ladis his departur had enfixtd | actual is: cried the ladies whose departure had been fixed.
Prediction is: the fist of thes touch as convaed that the witen statement took af the tal at apoint after it had in amanner fogone | actual is: the first of these touches conveyed that the written statement took up the tale at a point after it had in a manner begun.
Prediction is: he ho five again omans | actual is: he hung fire again a woman is.
Prediction is: rot you tel dugless | actual is: will not you tell douglas.
Prediction is: to leasely juge wi wen ou her because toer thing had ben such a stare he continuend to fix me | actual is: you will easily judge why when you hear because the thing had been such a scare he continued to fix me.
Prediction is: you a acut | actual is: you are acute.
Prediction is: she was the most ad brleable woman ive ov a knon and hepposition she woul aven horthey o any what eer | actual is: she was the most agreeable woman i have ever known in her position she would have been worthy of any whatever.
Prediction is: cosen sempred that he said so but that i kneg she hanent i waes sore i could see | actual is: it was not simply that she said so but that i knew she had not i was sure i could see.
Prediction is: it is ound of do atsound it sprange and all the morso becaus it his main condition which was | actual is: it sounded dull it sounded strange and all the more so because of his main condition which was.
Prediction is: be others resented pospornment bet it was just his gop oe the charmegh me | actual is: the others resented postponement but it was just his scruples that charmed me.
Prediction is: robladbly notio the secon post | actual is: probably not till the second post.
Prediction is: tho his been ded these twrenty years | actual is: she has been dead these twenty years.
Prediction is: missuis griffen however expressed innee for lhttle morn light | actual is: missus griffin however expressed the need for a little more light.
Prediction is: buch was that ol hererevord one of the laseesd | actual is: but was that all her reward one of the ladies asked.
Prediction is: theye aplenty of people to help but oaf course the young lady who huld go don is coverness wild be insuppremethorty | actual is: there were plenty of people to help but of course the young lady who should go down as governess would be in supreme authority.
Prediction is: he had for his own town residence of bengghouse filled with the spoils a travel and the trofiese of the chas butit was to his country hom and old family place an asics  that he wished heri mediately to prorceed | actual is: he had for his own town residence a big house filled with the spoils of travel and the trophies of the chase but it was to his country home an old family place in essex that he wished her immediately to proceed.
Prediction is: i dount and tisipate | actual is: i do not anticipate.
Prediction is: there was a you nonascgrron a thise and much rorproce after rich in his preotupied way he explained | actual is: there was a unanimous groan at this and much reproach after which in his preoccupied way he explained.
Prediction is: litlmy say here distintly to have done with it that tis naritive from an exect transcriped of my on made much later is what i shall presontly give | actual is: let me say here distinctly to have done with it that this narrative from an exact transcript of my own made much later is what i shall presently give.
Prediction is: she was young imtryde novis if qas uvison ofve sers dutis an mittul companin of realy great lolines | actual is: she was young untried nervous it was a vision of serious duties and little company of really great loneliness.
Prediction is: isd was thes obsevation tha tre from doglis and otimediadely buat lad rn the evening oe re fry that had the injerestin consiquence to which i cal atention | actual is: it was this observation that drew from douglas not immediately but later in the evening a reply that had the interesting consequence to which i call attention.
Prediction is: y cod rit to my mannand and close the ke he could sen down the pacctas y fine it | actual is: i could write to my man and enclose the key he could send down the packet as he finds it.
Prediction is: it was the bewute of it | actual is: it was the beauty of it.
Prediction is: to this his answer was promped ho sink got now and is the recod yors | actual is: to this his answer was prompt oh thank god no and is the record yours.
Prediction is: ind was al must te ton of hop every budy will ste | actual is: it was almost the tone of hope everybody will stay.
Prediction is: esput tas jrusthe beuty of her pession | actual is: yes but that is just the beauty of her passion.
Prediction is: fo a dorprith before his death whent it wuas in sight commtted to me he manuscrip hat reached thom om ae thirt of these das in that on the same spot with a mensoffict he began to rend to aur husht phisall circle ond the night of the fort | actual is: poor douglas before his death when it was in sight committed to me the manuscript that reached him on the third of these days and that on the same spot with immense effect he began to read to our hushed little circle on the night of the fourth.
Prediction is: the ocret thing was that they had practi ry now othervrelations and that hes own efais tok a all his time | actual is: the awkward thing was that they had practically no other relations and that his own affairs took up all his time.
Prediction is: she pomis to do this and she mention to methat whene for a moment disperdend  te litin he heled a hand thanking her for the saccrifice she all ready felt her warded | actual is: she promised to do this and she mentioned to me that when for a moment disburdened delighted he held her hand thanking her for the sacrifice she already felt rewarded.
Prediction is: cro as it she was in ougewitn the story wilte i tokupon mhyself tourely ho i con wrainto h story the story wont te said dunliss not and any netrual vogaway oas the puty on | actual is: who was it she was in love with the story will tell i took upon myself to reply oh i can not wait for the story the story will not tell said douglas not in any literal vulgar way more is the pity then.
Prediction is: the de parding ladys who itsad they would state divent of course thank heaven stey they departed ind consiquence of arangemens made in the re e of cturiocity as they profesed roduced by the tuches with whiche had already worke is up | actual is: the departing ladies who had said they would stay did not of course thank heaven stay they departed in consequence of arrangements made in a rage of curiosity as they professed produced by the touches with which he had already worked us up.
Prediction is: thestrorys o vitter | actual is: the story is written.
Prediction is: efexciy increase yuus and dis use of parts | actual is: effects of the increased use and disuse of parts.
Prediction is: it is manifest t a man is now subject to much veriybility | actual is: it is manifest that man is now subject to much variability.
Prediction is: the verybility of mascuaparts | actual is: the variability of multiple parts.
Prediction is: so it is with th loer animals | actual is: so it is with the lower animals.
Prediction is: bht this subjes wil be more propelantis gust or y treet of the different races of man tind | actual is: but this subject will be more properly discussed when we treat of the different races of mankind.
Prediction is: so nor tales got out to the napers besie do as a longly placef y god lok knoincame that way | actual is: so no tales got out to the neighbors besides it was a lonely place and by good luck no one came that way.
Prediction is: holk in theth al be your constncompinion fr n farmer | actual is: hakon there shall be your constant companion friend farmer.
Prediction is: and wouldhe not dbe a good giveh forr baby | actual is: and would he not be a good gift for our baby.
Prediction is: comcome o called when no obayd afire | actual is: come come i called when no one obeyed a fire.
Prediction is: a madter folli e wonty ars because it thught you men would followmy hro was jong fifteen yoursolld | actual is: i made her for only twenty oars because i thought few men would follow me for i was young fifteen years old.
Prediction is: there she sat onthe roerses pair ship as i ever sa | actual is: there she sat on the rollers as fair a ship as i ever saw.
Prediction is: but i sayd that spring ind dout me a bot | actual is: but i stayed that spring and built me a boat.
Prediction is: now she puter hand on his arm and smiled and said | actual is: now she put her hand on his arm and smiled and said.
Prediction is: tany turned o me again frowning | actual is: then he turned to me again frowning.
Prediction is: than i drang chans of mornfull and set the restocros the fire to the farmer he toook it t smile sayng | actual is: then i drank half of the hornful and sent the rest across the fire to the farmer he took it and smiled saying.
Prediction is: weat it many men is tables on envited | actual is: we ate at many men is tables uninvited.
Prediction is: oate of the farm allof not yet i answered biking his better for somer | actual is: what of the farm olaf not yet i answered viking is better for summer.
Prediction is: in the starn i card the tal of amost sis heihes tbe head | actual is: in the stern i curved the tail up almost as high as the head.
Prediction is: you would notte with us you co sae nowt have of my ale i dreank this ter hel | actual is: you would not eat with us you cannot say no to half of my ale i drink this to your health.
Prediction is: we sumtiship end men tut hamwy brout ye | actual is: we sunk his ship and men but him we brought to you.
Prediction is: there stanso i sad en glar in hisit my fas | actual is: there stand so i said and glare and hiss at my foes.
Prediction is: a how smels a smok a ships nels of frolic | actual is: a house smells of smoke a ship smells of frolic.
Prediction is: a waverfyging said the kang an he scaled at mee | actual is: a robber viking said the king and scowled at me.
Prediction is: soi live and thown yutut thra well it is the lock of war | actual is: so i lived and now am your tooth thrall well it is the luck of war.
Prediction is: at the prow i care the head with opene mo and for tong thrustd out | actual is: at the prow i carved the head with open mouth and forked tongue thrust out.
Prediction is: and withthat i laeyou a name si the friendly i shall hoped to drenk with you some time an bo halla | actual is: and with it i leave you a name sif the friendly i shall hope to drink with you sometime in valhalla.
Prediction is: tdisa nolast pes thwich you i said | actual is: this is our last feast with you i said.
Prediction is: here is a raing for sittifriendly and heares a bracelet and a sord would not be asshame to hangntoure side | actual is: here is a ring for sif the friendly and here is a bracelet a sword would not be ashamed to hang at your side.
Prediction is: the hi gave to thre of my brothers | actual is: these he gave to three of my brothers.
Prediction is: he chad not leave you dayr night whet y were working or playing or sleeping | actual is: he shall not leave you day or night whether you are working or playing or sleeping.
Prediction is: i paned the eyes wred for anger | actual is: i painted the eyes red for anger.
Prediction is: my men pown if the tambl wit their thiss | actual is: my men pounded the table with their fists.
Prediction is: so we hariy decus to noraway | actual is: so we harried the coast of norway.
Prediction is: here frend taket tand thruston the farmers hand | actual is: here friend take it and he thrust it into the farmer is hand.
Prediction is: your fathe thought a momant and lostomother an smiled | actual is: your father thought a moment then looked at your mother and smiled.
Prediction is: what is her contry aloff had you always bena thrar the tral eyes fplashed | actual is: what is your country olaf have you always been a thrall the thrall is eyes flashed.
Prediction is: may you drenk arcesd from a for many years | actual is: may you drink heart is ease from it for many years.
Prediction is: the thros wre ringi in ae great pot of me | actual is: the thralls were bringing in a great pot of meat.
Prediction is: here they said is a rascle has been herynurcos | actual is: here they said is a rascal who has been harrying our coasts.
Prediction is: there eyes dane big torly stood up anstreched himself | actual is: their eyes danced big thorleif stood up and stretched himself.
Prediction is: i stood with my back to the wal for i one an no sor reaching ou of the dark for ma | actual is: i stood with my back to the wall for i wanted no sword reaching out of the dark for me.
Prediction is: i dragons bely is never fall and an bord went the gold | actual is: my dragon is belly is never full and on board went the gold.
Prediction is: that is the bes waye sive the sperwile allways point somewhere and onething is as good is another | actual is: that is the best way to decide for the spear will always point somewhere and one thing is as good as another.
Prediction is: i the bear lod ny crie you have tak en our jot like a man | actual is: by the beard of odin i cried you have taken our joke like a man.
Prediction is: yn then lae yesastinghos | actual is: my men laughed yes a stingy host.
Prediction is: i took five great bracel to gol from ar trisachest an gave him tohim | actual is: i took five great bracelets of gold from our treasure chest and gave them to him.
Prediction is: your mother the queen westaning by | actual is: your mother the queen was standing by.
Prediction is: he at is thoug e ad not expected us | actual is: he acts as though he had not expected us.
Prediction is: but young sharp tong now the we have caught yyu wu pitch yu undoe atracted you cannoc a ato | actual is: but young sharp tongue now that we have caught you we will put you into a trap that you cannot get out of.
Prediction is: softart he said gently to her then dotorcl well le  go torcl | actual is: soft heart he said gently to her then to thorkel well let him go thorkel.
Prediction is: soiwill gib out this law that my men shall neverleedoualong | actual is: so i will give out this law that my men shall never leave you alone.
Prediction is: and the shall falew oa hroles on the same way | actual is: and these shall follow your thralls in the same way.
Prediction is: that time at pransd in do your fauther ships | actual is: that time it pointed us into your father is ships.
Prediction is: te drever haves stuc h alordly guest before i win on | actual is: did you ever have such a lordly guest before i went on.
Prediction is: then i ill get me ar farma wilr wetere ind that land no o afolownin | actual is: then i will get me a farm and will winter in that land now who will follow me.
Prediction is: takee ot torcl an ledem tasttor sord | actual is: take him out thorkel and let him taste your sword.
Prediction is: is but aboide man said | actual is: he is but a boy the men said.
Prediction is: they set upa crain of r the fire and hung upot upon it and we sad an watched o boil wil we joed ad last te sup or agan | actual is: they set up a crane over the fire and hung the pot upon it and we sat and watched it boil while we joked at last the supper began.
Prediction is: yessind with all your fingers hat took you ar yeare d acatch me be king fround mor angrilly | actual is: yes and with all your fingers it took you a year to catch me the king frowned more angrily.
Prediction is: as ar bot flashd down the rolers into the water i made dhi song ind synt | actual is: as our boat flashed down the rollers into the water i made this song and sang it.
Prediction is: two hundr waor faton his hall am folle him te battl | actual is: two hundred warriors feasted in his hall and followed him to battle.
Prediction is: to i sat gards over every when in that house | actual is: so i set guards over every one in that house.
Prediction is: the farmer satglomly on the bente wan node and you canot wander for he sawas putting pofals of his good beh an basculodstabread and ar big nos | actual is: the farmer sat gloomily on the bench and would not eat and you cannot wonder for he saw us putting potfuls of his good beef and basket loads of bread into our big mouths.
Prediction is: he rest ofe you offul liking he had threee sheps | actual is: the rest of you off a viking he had three ships.
Prediction is: therty man one afteranother raised their horns an said | actual is: thirty men one after another raised their horns and said.
Prediction is: heu was so dark ha i cu e nothing tut a fuwsefarks on te har | actual is: it was so dark that i could see nothing but a few sparks on the hearth.
Prediction is: up end down the waterwe went to git much wellt hand much frolic | actual is: up and down the water we went to get much wealth and much frolic.
Prediction is: on abentian a far cor owore a dosen people huddled together | actual is: on a bench in a far corner were a dozen people huddled together.
Prediction is: o am stip with long sithe hou said i atch far fit i turned of the farmar | actual is: i am stiff with long sitting he said i itch for a fight i turned to the farmer.
Prediction is: o wat is better a liveon a sen let other men ra ur crops and cook yur meials | actual is: oh it is better to live on the sea and let other men raise your crops and cook your meals.
Prediction is: i name nin others and said | actual is: i named nine others and said.
Prediction is: bring in the dablae we are hungry | actual is: bring in the table we are hungry.
Prediction is: ad another time harl d asket | actual is: at another time harald asked.
Prediction is: by a hemer a hour shoude grom thereis nostendy courd | actual is: by the hammer of thor shouted grim here is no stingy coward.
Prediction is: and sheman whe ther tol more alid forms ot be raint o spechees o varitys na fhrals fr pracicly duided by the followin cosiderations namely he mout of difference betwein them and whetther such differncis relat to few or many poince e strocture and wethe there of physilogcbl importanc the more speially whenthe they arconstan | actual is: in determining whether two or more allied forms ought to be ranked as species or varieties naturalists are practically guided by the following considerations namely the amount of difference between them and whether such differences relate to few or many points of structure and whether they are of physiological importance but more especially whether they are constant.
Prediction is: chapter seden on the races of man | actual is: chapter seven on the races of man.
Prediction is: i wish you gold nigt she la her bony hands n the back of mister matacros inbly chaire co him short  his far well soliautation the me and weld am out to hs bed as if she wierl walling him out to his grave | actual is: i wish you good night she laid her bony hands on the back of mister meadowcroft is invalid chair cut him short in his farewell salutation to me and wheeled him out to his bed as if she were wheeling him out to his grave.
Prediction is: o looked up tae nown bhe doting ly fromst play and lookedow againt swowly witha forwn | actual is: he looked up at naomi doubtingly from his plate and looked down again slowly with a frown.
Prediction is: pillap btefrng this us my over looker mister jogo said he eld man formily preseting us | actual is: philip lefrank this is my overlooker mister jago said the old man formally presenting us.
Prediction is: make a quins it missteyogo sip together | actual is: make acquaintance with mister jago sit together.
Prediction is: a poitedtly drw back fromn john yogo as he  prorhe the imtecarenexedt me and nove round to opositsie te tave | actual is: they pointedly drew back from john jago as he approached the empty chair next to me and moved round to the opposite side of the table.
Prediction is: when i addresed inm he answered con strainnely | actual is: when i addressed him he answered constrainedly.
Prediction is: sile slunk away wthout a word of protest amvers tos grouwn evidently bent on the hes pieace fhen ne o edforye lefter seing that i was in theway i wallk aside toward a glastor the lowernd of the room | actual is: silas slunk away without a word of protest ambrose stood his ground evidently bent on making his peace with naomi before he left her seeing that i was in the way i walked aside toward a glass door at the lower end of the room.
Prediction is: she signed to me with a gosely solemminty do take the vaken place omthe left of her father | actual is: she signed to me with a ghostly solemnity to take the vacant place on the left of her father.
Prediction is: the only shuok aforthingar repprochfuly at them as if the two stirty young farmers had been two childrem | actual is: naomi shook her forefinger reproachfully at them as if the two sturdy young farmers had been two children.
Prediction is: ambros metnmit the omod stars and shad me he wa th super rim | actual is: ambrose met me at the bottom of the stairs and showed me the way to the supper room.
Prediction is: you  were quint riht to say kno ambers began never smot whech anyongo is sigarsal ploisida | actual is: you were quite right to say no ambrose began never smoke with john jago his cigars will poison you.
Prediction is: for oncso way i broved at truprofit | actual is: for once in a way i proved a true prophet.
Prediction is: the door opend again whl i was still stodeng the two brothers without i otis wy concsesss being very favorably impresse by ether oup them | actual is: the door opened again while i was still studying the two brothers without i honestly confess being very favorably impressed by either of them.
Prediction is: mister metacrof thedter havig not sbok and one word dus far himself it roguse new comerct me whit a si glance in his suns which had something like te fins on it aglance which as i was sarst enotice was returne with the defince on their side by the too young men | actual is: mister meadowcroft the elder having not spoken one word thus far himself introduced the newcomer to me with a side glance at his sons which had something like defiance in it a glance which as i was sorry to notice was returned with the defiance on their side by the two young men.
Prediction is: and newmembr w the famly carcle wo instatly ttracted myt tention intern te ram | actual is: a new member of the family circle who instantly attracted my attention entered the room.
Prediction is: a little crad that in the pocpular fradees my mpressionon te stranger he now made his appearence in the supper rim | actual is: a little cracked that in the popular phrase was my impression of the stranger who now made his appearance in the supper room.
Prediction is: inte hatr malles an uncharableness ore never soa centialy detestable t my mid as we they re anatedby the sense of prepriety and work under the serfis but fom my einters ton tmay omy ind my other interest in the little loveloks which i nowin thensprised asski g tween meur nambros i should never ha sat you thatsupa | actual is: envy hatred malice and uncharitableness are never so essentially detestable to my mind as when they are animated by a sense of propriety and work under the surface but for my interest in naomi and my other interest in the little love looks which i now and then surprised passing between her and ambrose i should never have sat through that supper.
Prediction is: heu is not well yeiis cmlor the othon for rest and chainge o see | actual is: he is not well he has come over the ocean for rest and change of scene.
Prediction is: e five minit s eas n an new world and my knel ancolle room was fulbhelivillius frinch company | actual is: in five minutes i was in a new world and my melancholy room was full of the liveliest french company.
Prediction is: a more drerian mwre dhis ounited family party inever set of table wi | actual is: a more dreary and more disunited family party i never sat at the table with.
Prediction is: thite o go was n amaick an fel up | actual is: mister jago is an american philip.
Prediction is: it was onteof the masterly andtarming stories of jema the elder | actual is: it was one of the masterly and charming stories of dumas the elder.
Prediction is: yonly cherful conversation was the conversationo cos the tablee twe nale mean me | actual is: the only cheerful conversation was the conversation across the table between naomi and me.
Prediction is: the sount of an mpartef an uncompomising del recalled me ind do time to the regions a raality | actual is: the sound of an imperative and uncompromising bell recalled me in due time to the regions of reality.
Prediction is: afir simpressions o people ar in noncates at atan the rightinpretions | actual is: our first impressions of people are in nine cases out of ten the right impressions.
Prediction is: a pretty girl un s u farse ik could jecg by a parences a good girl to descrir ed her genneraly a maysay thas had a small head well carrid and well set er e shoulders or at grey eye tat look d you onosly and ment what they looked a trmps light littl vagire to slie far r inglish notions of beauty a strog amarican accent and ararthing in america aplesantly ton voice which mad the acent a graabale to ingla heares | actual is: a pretty girl and so far as i could judge by appearances a good girl too describing her generally i may say that she had a small head well carried and well set on her shoulders bright gray eyes that looked at you honestly and meant what they looked a trim slight little figure too slight for our english notions of beauty a strong american accent and a rare thing in america a pleasantly toned voice which made the accent agreeable to english ears.
